================================================================================
FILE: 3d22b243-78ec-4635-9b99-a0a33967944d.pdf
================================================================================

Table of Contents
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM 10-K
(Mark One)
☒ Annual report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
For the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025
OR
☐ Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
For the transition period from to .
Commission File Number: 001-32224
Salesforce, Inc.
(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)
Delaware 94-3320693
(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)
(IRS Employer
Identification No.)
Salesforce Tower
415 Mission Street, 3rd Fl
San Francisco, California 94105
(Address of principal executive offices)
Telephone Number: (415) 901-7000
(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share CRM New York Stock Exchange
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
Not applicable
Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☒ No ¨
Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes ¨ No ☒
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days. Yes ☒ No ¨
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such
files). Yes ☒ No ¨
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an
emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,”

Table of Contents
“smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer ☒ Accelerated filer ☐
Non-accelerated filer ☐ Smaller reporting company ☐
Emerging growth company ☐
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit
report ☒
If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the Registrant included in the filing
reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ¨
Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by
any of the Registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ¨
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐ No ☒
Based on the closing price of the Registrant’s Common Stock on the last business day of the Registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, which
was July 31, 2024, the aggregate market value of its shares (based on a closing price of $258.80 per share) held by non-affiliates was approximately $206.5 billion.
Shares of the Registrant’s Common Stock held by each executive officer and director and by each entity or person that owned 5 percent or more of the Registrant’s
outstanding Common Stock were excluded as such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive
determination for other purposes.
As of February 28, 2025, there were approximately 961 million shares of the Registrant’s Common Stock outstanding.
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
Portions of the Registrant’s definitive proxy statement for its 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “Proxy Statement”), to be filed within 120 days of the
Registrant’s fiscal year ended January 31, 2025, are incorporated by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except with respect to information
specifically incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K, the Proxy Statement is not deemed to be filed as part of this Form 10-K.

Table of Contents
INDEX
Page No.
PART I
Item 1. Business 4
Item 1A. Risk Factors 11
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 32
Item 1C. Cybersecurity 32
Item 2. Properties 34
Item 3. Legal Proceedings 34
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 34
Item 4A. Information About Our Executive Officers 34
PART II
Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 37
Item 6. Reserved 39
Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 40
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 52
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 55
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 92
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 92
Item 9B. Other Information 93
Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 93
PART III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 94
Item 11. Executive Compensation 94
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 94
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 94
Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 94
PART IV
Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 95
Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 95
Index to Exhibits 95
Signatures 98
2

Table of Contents
FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All
statements other than statements of historical fact, which may consist of, among other things, trend analyses and statements regarding future events, future financial
performance, anticipated growth, and industry prospects, are forward-looking. Words such as “aims,” “anticipates,” “assumes,” “believes,” “commitments,”
“could,” “estimates,” “expects,” “forecasts,” “foresees,” “goals,” “intends,” “may,” “plans,” “predicts,” “projects,” “seeks,” “should,” “targets” and “would,”
and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are inherently
uncertain and based on management’s current expectations and assumptions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that are dif icult to predict, including those
described in Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” Part II,
Item 7A, “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk,” and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Moreover, we operate in a very
competitive and rapidly changing environment and new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess
the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results or outcomes to dif er materially from
those contained in any forward-looking statements.
In light of these and other risks and uncertainties, the future events and trends discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may not occur as we expect or at
all, and our actual results or outcomes may dif er materially and adversely from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. Readers are
cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any
forward-looking statements for any reason.
3

Table of Contents
PART I.
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Overview
Salesforce, Inc. (“Salesforce,” the “Company,” “we” or “our”) is a global leader in customer relationship management (“CRM”) technology, enabling
companies of every size and industry to connect with their customers through the power of data, artificial intelligence (“AI”), CRM and trust. Founded in 1999, we
bring humans together with AI agents to drive customer success on one deeply unified platform.
Our AI-powered Salesforce Platform unites our offerings — spanning sales, service, marketing, commerce, collaboration, integration, AI, analytics,
automation, industries and more — by connecting customer data across systems, applications and devices to create a complete view of customers. With this single
source of customer truth, teams can be more responsive, productive and efficient and deliver intelligent, personalized and automated experiences across every
channel. With Agentforce, the agentic layer of the Salesforce Platform, our customers can build and augment their teams with an always-on digital labor force,
deploying autonomous AI agents across business functions that aim to increase productivity, lower costs and drive operational efficiencies.
Our service offerings are designed to be flexible, scalable and easy to use. They can generally be configured easily, deployed rapidly and integrated with other
platforms and enterprise applications. We sell to businesses worldwide, primarily on a subscription basis, through our direct sales efforts and also indirectly through
partners. In addition, we enable third parties to use our platform and developer tools to create additional functionality and new applications that run on our platform,
which are sold separately from, or in conjunction with, our service offerings.
Salesforce is committed to a core set of values: trust, customer success, innovation, equality and sustainability – all of which are grounded in legal and
regulatory frameworks that guide and inform our business. Foremost among these is trust, which is paramount and the foundation for everything we do, and is also
firmly rooted in compliance with applicable laws governing security, privacy, data protection and operational integrity. Our customers expect to trust and rely on our
technology to meet the high enterprise-grade standards of security, privacy, performance, legal compliance and availability at scale. Customer success is at the core
of our business, and we align the entire company around our customers’ needs, promoting their success, showing our value and upholding applicable laws,
contractual obligations and industry regulations and standards. Innovation is fundamental to our mission, empowering and enabling our customers to stay ahead in
their industries and driving technological advancements in line with evolving laws, standards and guidelines. Equality is a legal and ethical mandate and a core tenet
that informs how we operate. Our commitment to equal opportunity is anchored in applicable laws, statutes, regulations and principles. We value the equality of
every individual at our company and in our communities and are dedicated to fostering a workplace that complies with these protections, creating an inclusive
culture where every individual feels seen, heard and valued. Finally, we are committed to creating a more sustainable and nature-positive future for all. Our products
and services help our customers meet their own sustainability and compliance priorities, guided by applicable environmental and sustainability-related laws,
corporate social responsibility frameworks and legal requirements. By grounding our values in legal and regulatory principles, we reinforce our opportunity and
responsibility to uphold high integrity and robust ethical standards, ensuring that trust, fairness, and compliance remain central to everything we seek to do.
We believe that our values, grounded in legal and regulatory frameworks, create value, and the business of business is to make the world a better place for all
of our stakeholders, including stockholders, customers, employees, partners, the planet and the communities in which we work and live. Salesforce is committed to
giving back to our communities, helping businesses grow while protecting the environment for future generations, and transparent environmental, social and
governance disclosures. We believe we have a broad responsibility to society, and we aspire to create a framework for the ethical and humane use of technology that
not only drives the success of our customers, but also upholds the basic human rights of every individual.
Our Service Offerings
We believe that every business, in every industry, has to optimize for an AI-first experience for their customers, employees and partners, leveraging trusted AI,
data and CRM technology to increase efficiency, boost productivity and drive growth. Through Agentforce, our suite of customizable AI agents and tools, Salesforce
brings autonomous AI, unified data and applications together on one deeply unified platform that enables companies of any industry or size to deliver AI-powered,
personalized engagement across every customer touchpoint with the ability to hyperscale data and automation.
Our service offerings are designed to work together and include:
Sales. Our Sales offering is an integrated platform that brings together the power of humans with AI agents to help sales teams sell faster and smarter, and to
efficiently manage and automate entire sales processes. It provides sales capabilities and tools built for an entire sales organization – across prospecting, sales
engagement, team collaboration, sales analytics and AI, sales programs, sales performance, partner management, and revenue and orders. With our Sales offering,
businesses can create
4

Table of Contents
lifelong customers by connecting their entire organization and unifying all data sources on a single integrated platform. Further, with Agentforce for Sales, customers
can build a sales team augmented by a digital labor force and empower every seller with their own AI agent to help accelerate productivity and drive growth.
Service. Our Service offering enables companies in every industry to bring all of their customer service and field service needs onto one integrated, AIpowered platform to deliver trusted, highly personalized customer support at scale. It also helps our customers maximize productivity, resolve cases faster and
improve customer satisfaction by automating routine tasks. With Agentforce for Service, customers can tap the power of digital labor to handle low-touch
interactions and help their teams with high-touch tasks, unlocking new levels of efficiency. Our AI technology enables service teams to automatically route cases to
the best service agent for the job, respond to customers with personalized, relevant answers grounded in company data and perform tasks like auto-summarizing
support cases and field work orders. Our service offering also provides a field service solution that enables companies to connect service agents, dispatchers and
mobile employees through one centralized platform, on which they can intelligently schedule and dispatch work as well as track and manage jobs.
Platform and Other. The Salesforce Platform enables companies of all industries, sizes, and locations to build business workflows, applications and AI agents
on a single, comprehensive platform to help boost efficiency, increases productivity and automation and save on information technology costs. It facilitates
development with no-code and low-code tools that are easy to use and free to learn, empowering anyone to build trusted applications, AI agents, models, code,
prompts, automations, and much more. Our Trust Layer is built into the Salesforce Platform to help customers safely use their data and set guardrails on what AI
agents do with that data. The Salesforce Platform is built on Hyperforce, our infrastructure that helps customers manage data governance and compliance at a local
level, all over the world. Our technology partners help customers to easily add the applications they need and utilize the data lakes and systems they have already
invested in, and because the platform is open source, customers can integrate and build with any data or partner application they choose to make the platform work
for their business.
Slack. Our Slack offering is a workplace communication and productivity platform where work happens for millions of people every day. It centralizes
conversations and collaboration, automates business processes, makes search and knowledge sharing seamless, and delivers trusted generative and agentic AI that
augments employees so they can work smarter, make decisions faster, and drive real outcomes. Slack is also deeply integrated with every Salesforce offering,
including Agentforce, bringing a digital labor force into the messages and channels where work is happening. With Agentforce in Slack, employees across every
department can collaborate with specialized AI agents and accelerate high-impact work directly in the flow of work.
Marketing and Commerce.
Marketing. Our Marketing offering is a complete marketing platform designed to help customers personalize engagement across the customer lifecycle. By
connecting departments through actionable data, trusted AI, and autonomous AI agents, we empower teams to work together to build lasting customer relationships.
With Agentforce, marketers can save time on every step of the campaign process by using prompts to generate briefs, content, and journeys, as well as optimize
performance and spend with actionable insights and predictive AI. With operational customer profiles, marketers and AI agents can easily take action on structured
and unstructured data to build segments, calculate insights, analyze performance, and power AI recommendations, decisioning, and automations. Our Marketing
offering is built on the Salesforce Platform, so that marketing teams are able to seamlessly provide sales next-best-offer recommendations, help service retain
customers with proactive promotions, and re-engage inactive shoppers.
Commerce. Our Commerce offering helps connect every aspect of commerce—from marketing and sales to service and fulfillment—on a single, connected,
AI-powered platform, enabling brands to deliver personalized, seamless shopping experiences across every customer touchpoint. With Agentforce for Commerce,
brands can autonomously manage a range of tasks with AI agents, such as product recommendations and order lookup, helping to boost capacity and productivity
across marketing, commerce, merchandising, and store operations. With trusted AI and AI agents, businesses can generate product descriptions and web pages; and
deliver personalized shopping assistance using natural language. Native integrations between our Commerce, Sales, Service, and Marketing offerings enable brands
to tackle complex challenges and build cohesive digital experiences. Additionally, our Commerce offering delivers click-to-code tools, which provide customers with
the ability to quickly build and deploy our solutions around their customers as markets, industries, and customers evolve.
Integration and Analytics.
Integration. Our unified Integration, Automation and API Management offerings, powered by MuleSoft, provide the essential building blocks to deliver AIpowered, end-to-end, connected experiences and innovate faster. Customers use MuleSoft to connect data across any system, take action on their data using no-code
or low-code to automate tasks across any system, and scale API governance to help secure and monitor all of their data in transit. With MuleSoft, customers can
extend Agentforce to any system to take action outside of Salesforce.
5

Table of Contents
Analytics. Our analytics offerings, including Tableau, provide advanced, end-to-end solutions for a wide range of business use cases, powered by agentic AI.
With Tableau, customers can visualize, analyze, and act on business data from any source. Tableau helps users work more efficiently, spot trends, predict outcomes,
receive timely recommendations, and take action with autonomous AI agents. Additionally, Tableau enriches Agentforce with best-in-class data visualizations and
business context, lowering the barriers of data access for everyone.
Other Salesforce Offerings
In addition to our solution specific service offerings, we have specialized solutions that work across our offerings to support our customers’ business needs.
These additional service offerings include:
Agentforce. Agentforce is the agentic layer of the Salesforce Platform for deploying autonomous AI agents that can understand and respond to customer
inquiries without human intervention across business functions. Agentforce includes a set of tools to create and customize AI agents, as well as a library of ready-touse skills for most any use cases across sales, service, marketing and commerce, Tableau, Slack, partners and more. Agentforce is a complete AI system for building
a digital labor force, integrating data, AI, automation, and humans to deploy trusted AI agents for concrete business outcomes. It works by giving teams tools,
services, and AI agents that can tap into the power of a large language model (“LLM”) and their connected business data to autonomously identify what work needs
to be done, build a plan to complete the work, and then execute the plan.
Data Cloud. Data Cloud is our hyperscale, trusted data engine native to Salesforce. It brings a company’s enterprise data into Salesforce to deliver an
actionable, comprehensive and robust view of a customer by connecting enterprise data from disparate sources and harmonizing it into a single, trusted model that is
easy to access and understand. By leveraging Data Cloud’s robust framework for data ingestion, transformation and indexing, integrations with retrieval-augmented
generation improve customer experiences by transforming unstructured text and data into searchable insights, empowering companies to respond to customer queries
with more context, relevance, knowledge, and advanced reasoning. Data Cloud leverages the power of Salesforce metadata to enable companies to ingest and
federate data to power automation, analytics, and AI agents across Salesforce applications.
Industries. Our industry vertical offerings meet the specific needs of our customers across different industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life
sciences, manufacturing, automotive and government. Each of our distinct industry offerings provide out-of-the-box, AI-powered capabilities that make it easy for
industry customers to leverage the full Salesforce Platform with purpose-built tools that address industry-specific needs and enable the speed and flexibility to keep
up with changing times and customer demands. Salesforce’s industry offering also includes Industries AI – a suite of more than 100 industries capabilities and a
library with resources on how to get started for every industry offering. Industries AI capabilities serve as the foundation for creating industry-specific AI agents with
Agentforce that can be set up in minutes, work around the clock, and autonomously perform industry-specific business tasks and actions.
Salesforce Starter. We offer Starter Suite, an all-in-one, easy-to-use solution for small and medium-size businesses that brings sales. service, marketing and
commerce together. Starter Suite helps businesses get set up with Salesforce quickly and easily, so they can save time, boost productivity, and manage relationships
with all of their customer operations in one, centralized location. Starter Suite allows businesses to build a trusted foundation of customer data for advanced AI
technology to support efficient business growth.
Business Benefits of Using Our Solutions
The key advantages of our solutions include the following:
• an industry-leading, AI-powered deeply unified platform for business-to-business, business-to-consumer and business-to-employee for the all-digital, workfrom-anywhere world;
• scalable, efficient and flexible solutions for any size company or industry;
• a single source of truth that connects customer data across systems, applications and devices to help companies sell, service, market and conduct commerce
from anywhere;
• the ability to unlock companies’ customer data across their business, see and understand their data with advanced analytics, make predictions with pervasive
AI, automate tasks and personalize every interaction;
• the ability to infuse trusted AI in the flow of work and create AI agents that help make the customer experience more intelligent, automated and
personalized, and employees more productive;
• the ability to collaborate easily with customers, employees, partners and systems;
• modern low-code and no-code tools powered by leading edge AI, which empowers developers and business users to create digital experiences and configure
and automate business processes to fit the needs of any business, accelerating time to value;
• the ability to accelerate adoption and drive results with purpose-built, compliant tools and processes that deliver out-of-the-box functionality, security and
interoperability; and
6

Table of Contents
• an enterprise application marketplace and a community of tens of millions of Trailblazers: passionate developers, admins and experts who use Salesforce to
innovate and extend the platform with thousands of partner applications.
Our Business and Growth Strategy
We continue to expand in the growing addressable markets across all of our service offerings. We continue to focus on several key growth levers, including
driving multiple service offering adoption, increasing our penetration with enterprise and international customers and our industry-specific reach with more vertical
software solutions. We orient our business strategy and invest for future growth by focusing on the following key priorities:
Expand relationships with existing customers. We see significant opportunities to deepen existing customer relationships through cross-selling and upselling
our service offerings. For example, we continue to focus on driving multiple service offering adoption, which provides our customers with a one-stop-shop for their
front-office business technology needs. As our customers realize the benefits of our entire suite of service offerings, we aim to upgrade the customers’ experience
with new products and features and gain additional subscriptions by targeting new functional areas and business units. Finally, we aim to expand our relationships
with existing customers through our additional support offerings.
Increase geographic reach. By extending our go-to-market capabilities globally, we aim to grow our business by selling to new customers in new regions. We
will continue to pursue businesses of all sizes in most major markets globally. We also plan to continue to develop distribution channels through new and existing
marketplaces and partners for our solutions around the globe and new go-to-market strategies. We continue to invest in our domestic and international operations and
infrastructure to deliver the highest-quality service to our customers around the world.
Focus on industries and new products. As part of our growth strategy, we are delivering innovative and value-driven solutions in new categories based on
our existing and potential customers’ needs. For example, we provide out-of-the-box solutions specifically built for customers in certain industries, such as financial
services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing and more. In addition, through direct discussions and strategic engagements with our customers, we are able to
deliver the innovations and enhancements that align with the needs of our customers. In the third quarter of fiscal 2025, we introduced Agentforce, the agentic layer
of the Salesforce Platform for deploying autonomous AI agents across any business function. Agentforce includes a set of tools to create and customize AI agents, as
well as a library of ready-to-use skills for any use case across sales, service, marketing and commerce, Tableau, Slack, partners and more.
Leverage our partner ecosystem. The Salesforce Platform enables customers, independent software vendors (“ISVs”) and third-party developers to create,
test and deliver cloud-based applications. These applications can be marketed and sold on the AppExchange, our enterprise cloud marketplace, or sold directly by
software vendors. In addition, we rely on our consulting partners to deliver technology solutions and expertise to customers, from large-scale implementations to
more limited solutions that help businesses run more efficiently. We continue to work with and invest in our partner ecosystem, including these ISVs and system
integrators (“SIs”), to accelerate our reach into new markets and industries.
Promote strong customer adoption and reduce customer attrition. We believe that we have the people, processes and proven innovation to help companies
transform successfully. Our customer success programs, including success management resources, advisory services, technical architects and business strategists,
help enable and accelerate our customers’ digital transformations. In addition, we have free, curated resources such as Trailhead to help companies learn our systems
and a community of Trailblazers who drive innovation. With these programs and resources, we aim to reduce attrition and secure renewals of existing customer
subscriptions.
Mergers and Acquisitions and Strategic Investments
We evaluate opportunities to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, technologies and intellectual property to complement our organic
innovation and advance the development of our Salesforce Platform. Our evaluation seeks to confirm that any potential acquisition accelerates our strategy,
represents an attractive customer opportunity, provides a pathway to effectively monetize the acquired products and drive significant operational efficiencies and
presents a clear timeline for value accretion. Our acquisitions can range in size and complexity, from those that enhance or complement existing products and
accelerate development of features to large-scale acquisitions that result in new service offerings. Our goal is to prioritize the use of our balance sheet, through cash
and debt, to complete acquisitions.
We also manage a portfolio of strategic investments in both privately held and publicly traded companies focused primarily on enterprise cloud companies,
technology startups and SIs. Our investments range from early to late stage companies, including investments made concurrent with a company’s initial public
offering. We invest in companies that we believe are digitally transforming their industries, improving customer experiences, helping us expand our solution
ecosystem or supporting other corporate initiatives, including AI. We plan to continue making these types of strategic investments as opportunities arise that we find
attractive, including investments in companies representing targeted businesses, technological initiatives and geographies. Our strategy includes growing our
strategic investment portfolio, in part, by reinvesting proceeds from the sales of strategic investments.
7

Table of Contents
Technology, Development and Operations
We primarily deliver our solutions as highly scalable cloud computing application and platform services on a multi-tenant technology architecture. Multitenancy is an architectural approach that allows us to operate a single application instance for multiple organizations, treating all customers as separate tenants who
run in virtual isolation from each other. This approach allows us to spread the cost of delivering our services across our user base and scale our business faster than
traditional software vendors while focusing our resources on building new functionality and enhancing existing offerings.
We provide our services through cloud computing platform partners who offer Infrastructure-as-a-Service, including servers, storage, databases and
networking, as well as through infrastructure designed and operated by us but secured within third-party data center facilities. We continue to invest and expand the
deployment of Hyperforce, which allows our platform and applications to be delivered rapidly and reliably to locations worldwide and provides our customers
autonomy and control over data residency.
Our technology and product efforts are focused on improving and enhancing the features, functionality, performance, availability and security of our existing
service offerings, as well as developing new features, functionality and services. We also remain focused on integrating businesses, services and technologies from
acquisitions. Performance, functional depth, security, usability, ease of integration and configuration and sustainability of our solutions influence our technology
decisions and product direction.
Competition
The market for our service offerings is highly competitive, rapidly evolving and fragmented, and subject to changing technology with low barriers to entry,
shifting customer needs and frequent introductions of new products and services.
Our current competitors include:
• vendors of packaged business software, as well as companies offering enterprise applications delivered through on-premises offerings from enterprise
software application vendors and cloud computing application service providers, either individually or with others;
• software companies that provide their product or service free of charge as a single product or when bundled with other offerings, or only charge a premium
for advanced features and functionality, as well as companies that offer solutions that are sold without a direct sales organization;
• vendors who offer software tailored to specific services, industries or market segments, as opposed to our full suite of service offerings including suppliers
of traditional business intelligence and data preparation products, integration software vendors, marketing vendors, e-commerce solutions vendors, or AI
software and service vendors;
• productivity tool and email providers, unified communications providers and consumer application companies that have entered the business software
market; and
• traditional platform development environment companies and cloud computing development platform companies who may develop toolsets and products
that allow customers to build new applications, including AI augmented applications, that run on the customers’ current infrastructure or as hosted services,
as well as would-be customers who may develop enterprise applications for internal use.
We believe more companies may become competitive threats due to the attractiveness of the markets in which we operate. We also expect our competition to
change and evolve as we expand into more markets, with new offerings.
Customers
We sell to businesses of all sizes and in almost every industry worldwide. The number of paying subscriptions at each of our customers ranges from one to
hundreds of thousands. None of our customers accounted for more than ten percent of our revenues in fiscal years 2025, 2024 or 2023. In addition, we do not have
any material dependencies on any specific product, service or particular group or groups.
Customer Service and Support
We offer professional services to help customers achieve business results faster with Salesforce solutions. Our architects and innovation program teams act as
advisors to plan and execute digital transformations for our customers. This includes implementation services for multi-offering and complex deployments. We
provide best-practices and AI-based recommendations and adoption programs globally. In addition, we provide advanced education, including in-person and online
courses, to certify our customers and partners on architecting, administering, deploying and developing our service offerings.
Our global customer support group responds to both business and technical inquiries about the use of our products via the web, telephone, email, social
networks and other channels. We provide standard customer support during regular business hours to customers as part of our paying subscription editions. We also
offer premier customer support that is either included in a premium success offering or sold for an additional fee, which can include services such as priority access
to technical resources, developer support and system administration. In addition, we offer a premier priority support add-on that includes proactive monitoring, rapid
incident response and instruction from a dedicated support team knowledgeable about the customer's specific
8

Table of Contents
enterprise architecture. With the launch of Agentforce, we’ve made it easier for customers to find answers by providing an even more intuitive experience on our
Salesforce Help page. Agentforce can resolve customer issues swiftly and accurately because answers are grounded in our trusted unstructured content unified in
Data Cloud. By automating simple and repetitive tasks, our support engineers will be able to augment and scale their time in a more valuable way.
Sales and Marketing
We sell our services primarily through our direct sales force, which comprises sales personnel based in regional hubs, field sales personnel based in territories
close to their customers and self-service offerings.
To a lesser extent, we also utilize a network of partners who refer sales leads to us and assist in selling to prospects. This network includes global consulting
firms, SIs and other partners. In return, we typically pay these partners a fee based on the first-year subscription revenue generated by the customers they refer. We
continue to invest in developing additional distribution channels for our subscription services.
We use a variety of marketing programs across traditional and social channels to target our prospective and current customers, partners and developers. We
focus our marketing activities in the cities and countries with the largest market opportunities. Our primary marketing activities include:
• multichannel marketing campaigns that span email, social media, the web, television and more, which align to a broader customer journey;
• in-person and virtual customer events of all sizes to create customer and prospect awareness, including proprietary events such as Dreamforce and our
virtual Dreamforce to You, World Tours and other virtual events, as well as participation in trade shows and industry events;
• live events and original programming on our Salesforce+ streaming service, which includes discussions about the future of technology in the AI-first, work
anywhere world and educational content to learn new skills and pursue new career opportunities;
• press and industry analyst relations to garner third-party validation and generate positive coverage for our company, brand, service offerings and value
proposition;
• partner co-marketing activities with global and regional implementation partners;
• customer testimonials and our community of Trailblazers: individuals who drive innovation, grow their careers and transform their businesses using the
Salesforce Platform;
• in-person and virtual technology event sponsorships; and
• event partnerships with high-profile global brands and organizations.
Intellectual Property
We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, patents and contractual provisions to protect our proprietary technology and our brands. We
also enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with our employees, consultants and other third parties and control access to software, services,
documentation and other proprietary information. We believe the duration of our patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of our service offerings. We also
purchase or license technology that we incorporate into our products or services. At times, we make select intellectual property broadly available at no or low cost to
achieve a strategic objective, such as promoting industry standards, advancing interoperability, supporting open source software or attracting and enabling our
external development community. While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products and business methods,
we believe, based upon past experience and industry practice, such licenses generally should be obtainable on commercially reasonable terms.
Human Capital Management
Salesforce is committed to a core set of values: trust, customer success, innovation, equality and sustainability. These core values are the foundation of our
company culture, which we believe is fundamental to, and a competitive advantage in, our approach to managing our workforce. We believe our company culture
fosters open dialogue, collaboration, recognition and a sense of belonging, all of which allow us to attract and retain the best talent, which is critical for our continued
success. For example, our sales, engineering and customer success teams are critical to our ability to grow, innovate, and promote the trust and success of our
customers.
We believe our efforts in managing our workforce have been effective. Our focus on our workplace environment and a strong company culture has led to
recognition across the globe, as evidenced by the following awards: Ethisphere’s World’s Most Ethical Companies (2024 and for the 15th time), One of America's
Most JUST Companies from JUST Capital (2025 and for the eighth year in a row), Fortune World's Most Admired Companies (2025 for the 11th year in a row),
Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For (2024 and for the 16th year in a row), Fortune World’s Most Innovative Companies (2024, for the second year in a row), a
Top 100 Employer of Choice on the American Opportunity Index (2024 and for the third year in a row), A Glassdoor Best Places to Work 2025, a 2024 Great Place
to Work Best Workplace in: Japan, UK, South Korea, Argentina, France, Spain, Denmark, Canada, United States, Switzerland, Mexico, Ireland, The Netherlands,
India, Portugal,
9

Table of Contents
Brazil, Singapore, Australia and a Built In’s 2025 Best Places to Work winner in: Dallas, Colorado, Austin, Seattle, Atlanta, Boston, San Francisco and a 100 Best
U.S. Large Companies to Work For in 2025 overall.
As of January 31, 2025, we had 76,453 employees. None of our employees in the United States are represented by a labor union. However, employees of
certain foreign subsidiaries are represented by works councils.
We have continued to invest in development programs, employee engagement and ongoing communications and feedback. For additional information on our
workforce, refer to our annual Stakeholder Impact Report, https://salesforce.com/stakeholder-impact-report. Some of our key human capital management initiatives
are summarized below:
Equality
Our approach to equality is firmly rooted in compliance with federal law (as a U.S. company) and other applicable laws and regulations in the regions in which
we operate, including statutes, regulations and principles governing equal pay, equal opportunity and anti-discrimination protections. These legal frameworks shape
our long-standing commitment to fostering a workplace where all individuals are treated equally, have access to opportunities and are protected from discrimination.
By adhering to these laws, we uphold a fair and inclusive environment where our employees can do the best work and teaming of their careers, reinforcing principles
of equality, dignity and respect for all.
Talent and Career Development
We offer our employees various talent development programs to create a culture of continuous learning and new ways to grow their careers. We provide
learning and development opportunities through Career Connect, our internal talent marketplace, and Trailhead, our learning platform available for all employees.
We encourage our employees to seek personal and professional development opportunities with external organizations and offer yearly education reimbursement to
employees who wish to continue job-related education from accredited institutions or organizations.
Total Rewards
We believe offering competitive compensation packages and robust benefits is an important factor in our ability to attract, retain and motivate our employees
and to help enhance their everyday wellbeing. We use a combination of fixed and variable cash compensation for all employees and award equity compensation to
certain employees in the form of restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units, and on a limited basis, stock options. Eligible employees are also
able to participate in our Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which allows employees to purchase our stock at a 15 percent discount up to U.S. Internal Revenue Code
limits. We also match up to $5,000 of donations, per employee, to eligible nonprofit organizations, and effective February 1, 2025, donations are matched up to
$10,000 per employee. We offer employees benefits that vary by country and are designed to meet or exceed local legal requirements and to be competitive in the
marketplace.
Our V2MOM and Code of Conduct
Alignment and consistent and clear communication are a key part of our employee engagement, especially as we continue to grow. Each year, we complete a
corporate V2MOM, which is our business plan for the year used to align the Company on our vision, values, methods, obstacles and measures for the upcoming year.
All employees are then expected to complete their own V2MOM that aligns with the corporate V2MOM. In addition, our Code of Conduct reflects our core values,
which remain the foundation of the Company and which directly impact our ability to deliver success. We expect all of our employees to act with integrity, including
treating others with compassion and respect.
Employee Engagement and Satisfaction
Our leadership strives for active engagement with our employees through a variety of channels, including all-company meetings and our daily newsletter, The
Daily, allowing employees to stay connected with the business and new developments. Twice a year, all employees have the opportunity to complete a confidential
survey measuring employee engagement and experience, the health of our culture and how we are living up to our values. This survey is one of several ways we see
to understand employee experience and drive real change across the Company.
Government Regulation
We operate globally and are subject to numerous U.S. federal, state and foreign laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subject matters. Additional
information regarding governmental regulations relevant to our business is discussed in Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors.”
Available Information
Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (“SEC”), and all amendments to these filings, can be obtained free of charge from our website at http://investor.salesforce.com/financials/ or by
contacting our Investor Relations department at our office address listed above as soon as reasonably practicable following our filing of any of these reports with the
SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that
10

Table of Contents
file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. The contents of these and other websites referenced throughout the filing are not incorporated and do not constitute
a part of this filing. Further, our references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only.
Our principal executive offices are located in San Francisco, California. Our principal address is Salesforce Tower, 415 Mission St., 3rd Floor, San Francisco,
California 94105, and our primary website address is www.salesforce.com.
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
In evaluating our business, you should carefully consider the following discussion of material risks, events and uncertainties that make an investment in us
speculative or risky in addition to the other information included in this Annual Report. A manifestation of any of the following risks and uncertainties could, in
circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, materially and adversely af ect our business and operations, growth, reputation, prospects,
operating and financial results, financial condition, cash flows, liquidity and stock price. Some of the factors, events and contingencies discussed below may have
occurred in the past, but the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events or contingencies have occurred in the past and instead
reflect our beliefs and opinions as to the factors, events or contingencies that could materially and adversely af ect us in the future. The risks and uncertainties
described below are not the only ones we face. Other events, factors or uncertainties that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial also
may af ect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, other key metrics and the trading price of our common stock. Therefore, you should
not consider the following risks to be a complete statement of all the potential risks or uncertainties that we face.
Risk Factor Summary
Operational and Execution Risks
• Any breaches in our security measures or those of our third-party data center hosting facilities, cloud computing platform providers or third-party service
partners, or the underlying infrastructure of the Internet that cause unauthorized access to a customer’s data, our data or our IT systems, or the blockage or
disablement of authorized access to our services.
• Any defects or disruptions in our services that diminish demand for our services.
• Any interruptions or delays in services from third parties, including data center hosting facilities, cloud computing platform providers and other hardware
and software vendors, as well as internet availability, or from our inability to adequately plan for and manage service interruptions or infrastructure capacity
requirements.
• An inability to realize the expected business or financial benefits of company and technology acquisitions.
• Strain on our personnel resources and infrastructure from supporting our existing and growing customer base or an inability to scale our operations and
increase productivity.
• Customer attrition, or our inability to accurately predict subscription renewals and upgrade rates.
• Disruptions caused by periodic changes to our sales organization.
• Exposure to risks inherent in international operations from sales to customers outside the United States.
• A more time-consuming and expensive sales cycle, pricing pressure and implementation and configuration challenges as we target more of our sales efforts
at larger enterprise customers.
• Any loss of key members of our management team or development and operations personnel, or inability to attract and retain employees necessary to
support our operations and growth.
• Any failure in the delivery of high-quality professional and technical support services related to our online applications.
Strategic and Industry Risks
• An inability to compete effectively in the intensely competitive markets in which we participate.
• Any failure to expand our services and to develop and integrate our existing services in order to keep pace with technological developments.
• An inability to maintain and enhance our brands.
• Partial or complete loss of invested capital, or significant changes in the fair value, of our strategic investment portfolio.
• Any discontinuance by third-party developers and providers in embracing our technology delivery model and enterprise cloud computing services, or
customers asking us for warranties for third-party applications, integrations, data and content.
• Social and ethical issues, including the use or capabilities of AI in our offerings.
11

Table of Contents
• The evolving landscape related to ESG matters.
Legal and Regulatory Risks
• Privacy concerns and laws as well as evolving regulation of cloud computing, increased restriction of cross-border data transfers and other regulatory
developments.
• Evolving industry-specific regulations, requirements, interpretive positions or standards.
• Lawsuits against us by third parties for various claims, including alleged infringement of proprietary rights.
• Any failure to obtain registration or protection of our intellectual property rights.
• Risks related to government contracts and related procurement regulations.
• Governmental sanctions and export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets and may subject us to liability.
Financial Risks
• Downturns or upturns in new business, which may not be immediately reflected in our operating results because we generally recognize revenue from
subscriptions for our services over the term of the subscription.
• Significant fluctuations in our rate of anticipated growth and any failure to balance our expenses with our revenue forecasts.
• Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate and additional tax liabilities and global tax developments.
• Fluctuations in currency exchange rates, particularly the U.S. Dollar versus local currencies.
• Our debt service obligations, lease commitments and other contractual obligations.
Risks Related to Owning Our Common Stock
• Fluctuations in our quarterly results.
• Volatility in the market price of our common stock and associated litigation.
• Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law that might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of the Company or
changes in our management.
General Risks
• Volatile and significantly weakened global economic conditions.
• The occurrence of natural disasters and other events beyond our control.
• The long-term impact of climate change on our business.
Operational and Execution Risks
If our security measures or those of our third-party data center hosting facilities, cloud computing platform providers or third-party service partners, or the
underlying infrastructure of the Internet are breached, and unauthorized access is obtained to a customer’s data, our data or our IT systems, or authorized
access is blocked or disabled, our services may be perceived as not being secure, customers may curtail or stop using our services, and we may incur significant
reputational harm, legal exposure and liabilities, or a negative financial impact.
Our services involve the storage and transmission of our customers’ and our customers’ customers’ proprietary and other sensitive data, including financial,
health and other personal information. Our services and underlying infrastructure may in the future be materially breached or compromised as a result of the
following:
• third-party attempts to fraudulently induce our employees, partners or customers to disclose sensitive information to gain access to our customers’ data or IT
systems, or our data or our IT systems;
• efforts by hackers or sophisticated groups, such as criminal organizations, state-sponsored organizations or nation-states, to launch coordinated cyberattacks
on internally built infrastructure or on third-party cloud-computing platform providers, including ransomware, destructive malware and distributed denialof-service attacks;
• third-party attempts to abuse our marketing, advertising, messaging or social products and functionalities to impersonate persons or organizations and
disseminate information that is false, misleading or malicious;
• vulnerabilities existing within new technologies and infrastructures, including those from acquired companies, or resulting from enhancements and updates
to our existing service offerings;
• vulnerabilities in the products or components across the broad ecosystem that our services operate in conjunction with and are dependent on;
• attacks on, or vulnerabilities in, the many different underlying networks and services that power the Internet that our products depend on, most of which are
not under our control or the control of our vendors, partners or customers; and
12

Table of Contents
• employee or contractor errors or intentional acts that compromise our security systems.
These risks are mitigated, to the extent possible, by our ability to maintain and improve business and data governance policies and enhance processes and
internal security controls, including our ability to escalate and respond to known and potential risks. We can provide no assurances that our security measures,
including implemented systems and processes designed to protect our customers’ and our customers’ customers’ proprietary and other sensitive data, will provide
absolute security or otherwise be effective or that a material breach will not occur. For example, our ability to mitigate these risks may be impacted by the following:
• evolving techniques used to breach or sabotage IT systems and infrastructure, including as a result of the increased use of AI technologies by bad actors,
which are generally not recognized until launched against a target, and could result in our being unable to anticipate or implement adequate measures to
prevent such techniques;
• the increasing complexity of our internal IT systems as we incorporate and secure IT environments from acquired companies and early adoption of new
technologies and new ways of sharing data; and
• our limited control over our customers or third-party technology providers (including those authorized by customers to access their data), or the processing
of data by third-party technology providers, which may not allow us to maintain the integrity or security of such transmissions or processing.
In the normal course of business, we are and have been the target of malicious cyberattacks and have experienced other security incidents. Although, to date,
such identified security events have not had a material financial impact, there can be no assurance that future cyberattacks will not be material or significant.
Additionally, as our market presence grows, we may face increased risks of cyberattacks or security threats, and as AI technologies, including generative AI models,
develop rapidly, threat actors are using these technologies to create new sophisticated attack methods that are increasingly automated, targeted and coordinated and
more difficult to defend against.
A security breach or incident could result in unauthorized parties obtaining access to, or the denial of authorized access to, our IT systems or data, or our
customers’systems or data, including intellectual property and proprietary, sensitive or other confidential information. We have contractual and other legal
obligations to notify relevant stakeholders of security breaches. For example, SEC rules require disclosure on Form 8-K of the nature, scope and timing of any
material cybersecurity incident and the reasonably likely impact of any such incident. A security breach or resulting mandatory disclosure could result in a loss of
confidence in the security of our services, damage our reputation, negatively impact our future sales, disrupt our business and lead to increases in insurance
premiums and legal, regulatory and financial exposure and liability. Further, there can be no assurance that our insurance coverage will be sufficient to cover the
financial, legal, business, or reputational losses that may result from a cybersecurity incident or breach of our IT systems. Finally, the detection, prevention and
remediation of known or potential security vulnerabilities, including determining whether a cybersecurity incident is notifiable or reportable, may not be
straightforward and may result in additional financial burdens due to additional direct and indirect costs to respond to or alleviate problems caused by the actual or
perceived security breach, such as additional infrastructure capacity spending to mitigate any system degradation and the reallocation of resources from development
activities.
Defects or disruptions in our services could diminish demand for our services and subject us to substantial liability.
We have in the past and may in the future find defects in or experience disruptions to our services. Such issues may arise in a variety of circumstances,
including due to our customers using our services in unanticipated ways that may cause a disruption in services for other customers attempting to access their data; as
a result of employee, contractor or other third-party action or inaction; or due to the complexity of our services, which incorporate a variety of hardware, proprietary
software and third-party and open-source software. Across the industry, cloud services frequently contain undetected errors when first introduced or when new
versions or enhancements are released. We may also encounter difficulties integrating acquired or licensed technologies into our services and in augmenting the
technologies we use to meet quality standards that are consistent with our brand and reputation, which may result in our services containing errors or defects.
We have experienced and may in the future experience defects in our products that create vulnerabilities that inadvertently permit access to protected customer
data. We can provide no assurance that such product defects or other vulnerabilities will not occur in the future, have a material adverse effect on our business or
subject us to substantial liability. Vulnerabilities in open source or any proprietary or third-party product can persist even after security patches have been issued if
customers have not installed the most recent updates, or if the attackers exploited the vulnerabilities before patching was complete. In some cases, vulnerabilities
may not be immediately detected, which may make it difficult to recover critical services and lead to damaged assets.
Since our customers use our services for important aspects of their business, errors, defects, disruptions in service or other performance problems have in the
past adversely impacted our customers’ businesses and could do so in the future. As a result, customers could elect to not renew our services or delay or withhold
payment to us. We could also lose future sales or customers may make warranty or other claims against us, which could result in an increase in our allowance for
doubtful accounts, an increase in collection cycles for accounts receivable or the expense and risk of litigation.
13

Table of Contents
Any interruptions or delays in services from third parties, including data center hosting facilities, cloud computing platform providers and other hardware
and software vendors, as well as internet availability, or from our inability to adequately plan for and manage service interruptions or infrastructure capacity
requirements, could impair the delivery of our services and harm our business.
We currently rely on third-party data center hosting facilities and cloud computing platform providers located in the United States and other countries, as well
as the many different underlying networks and services that power the Internet, to deliver our products, services and business operations and to operate critical
business systems. We also rely on computer hardware purchased or leased from, software licensed from, and cloud computing platforms provided by, third parties in
order to offer our services, including database software, hardware and data from a variety of vendors. Any disruption or damage to, or failure of our systems
generally, including the systems of third-party providers we rely on, could result in service interruptions and harm our business. We have from time to time
experienced service interruptions and such interruptions may occur in the future. As we increase our reliance on these third-party systems, particularly with respect to
third-party cloud computing platforms, our exposure to damage from service interruptions or other performance or quality issues may increase. Service interruptions
or other performance or quality issues may cause us to issue credits or pay penalties, cause customers to make warranty or other claims against us or to terminate
their subscriptions, and adversely affect our attrition rates and our ability to attract new customers, all of which would reduce our revenue. Our business and
reputation would also be harmed if our customers and potential customers believe our services are unreliable.
For many of our offerings, our production environment and customers’ data are replicated in a separate facility located elsewhere. Certain offerings, including
some offerings of companies added through acquisitions, may be served through alternate facilities or arrangements. We do not control the operation of any of these
facilities, and they may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures and similar events. They
may also be subject to break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of destruction or vandalism or similar misconduct, as well as local administrative actions, changes to legal
or permitting requirements and litigation to stop, limit or delay operation. In addition, supply chain disruptions due to geopolitical developments in Europe may lead
to power disruptions in regions where our facilities are located. Despite precautions taken at these facilities, such as disaster recovery and business continuity
arrangements, the occurrence of any of the foregoing events or risks, or a natural disaster or public health emergency, an act of terrorism, a decision to close the
facilities without adequate notice or other unanticipated problems or operational failures at these facilities could result in lengthy service interruptions, and no
assurance can be provided that any such interruptions would be remediated without significant cost or in a timely manner or at all.
The hardware, software, data and cloud computing platforms that we rely on, including, for example, the large language models leveraged in our AI offerings,
may not continue to be available at reasonable prices, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Any loss of the right to use any of these hardware, software, data or
cloud computing platforms could significantly increase our expenses and disrupt or otherwise result in delays in the provisioning of our services until equivalent
technology is either developed by us, or, if available, is identified, obtained through purchase or license and integrated into our services, and no assurance can be
provided that such equivalent technology would be developed or obtained in a timely manner or at all.
As we scale our operations, the amount and type of information transferred on our offerings continues to evolve, including as a result of the deployment of AI
technologies, and our infrastructure capacity requirements, including network capacity and computing power, may increase as a result. If we do not accurately plan
for our infrastructure capacity requirements and we experience significant strains on our data center capacity, our customers could experience performance
degradation or service outages that may subject us to financial liabilities, result in customer losses and harm our reputation and business. As we add data centers and
capacity and continue to move to cloud computing platform providers, we move or transfer our data and our customers’ data from time to time. Despite precautions
taken during this process, any unsuccessful data transfers may impair the delivery of our services, which may damage our business.
As we acquire companies or technologies, we may not realize the expected business or financial benefits and the acquisitions could prove dif icult to
integrate, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely af ect our operating results and the market value of our common stock.
As part of our business strategy, we periodically acquire complementary businesses, joint ventures, services and technologies and intellectual property rights.
We continue to evaluate such opportunities and expect to make such acquisitions in the future.
Acquisitions and other transactions and arrangements involve numerous risks and could create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures, including:
• potential failure to achieve the expected benefits on a timely basis or at all;
• potential identified or unknown security vulnerabilities in acquired products that expose us to additional security risks or delay our ability to integrate the
product into our service offerings, as well as difficulties in increasing or maintaining the security standards for acquired technology;
14

Table of Contents
• difficulty of transitioning the acquired technology onto our existing platforms and customer acceptance of multiple platforms on a temporary or permanent
basis;
• brand or reputational harm associated with our acquired companies;
• challenges converting the acquired company’s revenue recognition policies and forecasting the related revenues, including both consumption- and
subscription-based revenues and term software license revenue, as well as appropriate allocation of the customer consideration to the individual
deliverables;
• challenges entering into new markets in which we have little or no experience or where competitors may have stronger market positions;
• currency and regulatory risks associated with foreign countries and potential additional cybersecurity and compliance risks resulting from entry into new
markets;
• operational and financial difficulties and strains on resources in integrating acquired operations, technologies, services, platforms and personnel;
• regulatory challenges from antitrust or other regulatory authorities that may block, delay or impose conditions (such as divestitures, ownership or
operational restrictions or other structural or behavioral remedies) on the completion of transactions or the integration of acquired operations;
• failure to fully assimilate, integrate or retrain acquired employees, which may lead to retention risk with respect to both key acquired employees and our
existing key employees or disruption to existing teams or our workplace culture;
• challenges with maintaining the acquired company’s customers, partners and third-party service providers;
• known and potential unknown liabilities associated with the acquired businesses, including due to litigation;
• difficulties in managing, or potential write-offs of, acquired assets, and potential financial and credit risks associated with acquired customers;
• negative impact to our results of operations because of the depreciation and amortization of acquired intangible assets, fixed assets and operating lease rightof-use assets;
• difficulties in and financial costs of addressing acquired compensation structures inconsistent with our compensation structure;
• additional stock-based compensation issued or assumed in connection with the acquisition, including the impact on stockholder dilution and our results of
operations;
• ineffective or inadequate controls, procedures and policies at the acquired company; and
• the tax effects related to integration and business operation changes, realizability of our deferred tax assets, and uncertain tax liabilities.
Any of these risks could harm our business or negatively impact our results of operations. In addition, to facilitate acquisitions, we may seek additional equity
or debt financing, which may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all, which may affect our ability to complete subsequent acquisitions, and which may
affect the risks of owning our common stock. For example, if we finance acquisitions by issuing equity or convertible or other debt securities or loans, our existing
stockholders may be diluted, or we could face constraints related to the terms of, and repayment obligation related to, the incurrence of indebtedness that could affect
the market price of our common stock.
Our ability to acquire other businesses or technologies, or integrate acquired businesses effectively, may be impaired by trade tensions and increased global
scrutiny of foreign investments and acquisitions in the technology sector. For example, several countries, including the United States and countries in Europe and the
Asia-Pacific region, are considering or have adopted restrictions of varying kinds on transactions involving foreign investments and acquisitions. Antitrust authorities
in a number of countries have also reviewed acquisitions in the technology industry with increased scrutiny. Governments may continue to adopt or tighten
restrictions of this nature, some of which may apply to acquisitions or integrations of businesses by us, and such restrictions or government actions could negatively
impact our business and financial results.
Supporting our existing and growing customer base could strain our personnel resources and infrastructure, and if we are unable to scale our operations
and increase productivity, we may not be able to successfully implement our business plan.
We continue to experience significant growth in our customer base, including through acquisitions, which has placed a strain on and in the future may strain our
management, administrative, operational and financial infrastructure. We anticipate that significant additional investments, including in human capital software, as
well as leveraging agentic AI and other technologies, will be required to scale our operations and increase productivity, to address the needs of our customers, to
further develop and enhance our services, to expand into new geographic areas and to scale with our overall growth. These investments will increase our cost base,
making it more difficult for us to offset any future revenue shortfalls by reducing expenses in the
15

Table of Contents
short term. We may not be able to make these investments as quickly or effectively as necessary to successfully scale our operations.
We regularly upgrade or replace our various software systems and processes. If the implementations of these new applications are delayed, or if we encounter
unforeseen problems with our new systems and processes or in migrating away from our existing systems and processes, our operations and our ability to manage
our business could be negatively impacted.
Our success will depend in part upon the ability of our senior management to plan and manage our projected growth effectively. To do so, we must continue to
increase the productivity of our existing employees and to hire, train and manage new employees as needed. Additionally, changes in our work environment and
workforce may not meet the needs and expectations of our workforce or may create operational and workplace culture challenges, which could negatively impact our
ability to increase employee productivity or attract and retain our employees and could adversely affect our operations. To manage the expected domestic and
international growth of our operations and personnel, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls, our reporting systems
and procedures and our utilization of real estate. If we fail to successfully scale our operations and increase productivity, we may be unable to execute our business
plan and the value of our common stock could decline.
If our customers do not renew their subscriptions for our services or if they reduce the number of paying subscriptions at the time of renewal, our revenue
and current remaining performance obligation could decline and our business may suf er. If customer usage of certain consumption-based of erings is below
expected levels, our revenue could decline. If we cannot accurately predict subscription renewals or upgrade rates or optimal pricing for consumption-based
contracts, we may not meet our revenue targets, which may adversely af ect the market price of our common stock.
Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions for our services after the expiration of their contractual subscription period, which is typically 12
to 36 months, and in the normal course of business, some customers have elected not to renew. In addition, our customers may renew for fewer subscriptions, renew
for shorter contract lengths or switch to lower cost offerings of our services, particularly in times of general economic uncertainty. It is difficult to predict attrition
rates given our varied customer base and the number of multi-year subscription contracts. Our attrition rates may increase or fluctuate as a result of various factors,
including customer dissatisfaction with our services, customers’spending levels, mix of customer base, decreases in the number of users at our customers,
competition, pricing increases or changes, such as the increased prevalence of consumption-based pricing models and economic downturns.
Our future success also depends in part on our ability to sell additional features and services, more subscriptions or enhanced editions of our services to our
current customers. This may also require increasingly sophisticated and costly sales efforts that are targeted at senior management. Similarly, the rate at which our
customers purchase new or enhanced services depends on a number of factors, including general economic conditions and customer receptiveness to any price
changes related to these additional features and services.
In addition, the markets and monetization strategies for certain offerings, including Agentforce and Data Cloud, remain relatively new and uncertain and as a
result our expansion into such offerings, and related investments, may present additional risks and challenges. For example, we offer certain products, including
Agentforce and Data Cloud, through a consumption-based business model and may increase the number of products through which we do so. We have limited
experience with determining optimal pricing for our consumption-based contracts. Additionally, due to customer flexibility in the timing of their consumption, we
could have lower levels of customer consumption of our products than we expect which may result in suboptimal pricing for consumption-based contracts.
Periodic changes to our sales organization can be disruptive and may reduce our rate of growth.
We periodically change and make adjustments to our sales organization in response to market opportunities, competitive threats, management changes, product
introductions or enhancements, acquisitions, sales performance, increases in sales headcount, cost levels and other internal and external considerations. Such sales
organization changes have in some periods resulted in, and may in the future result in, a reduction of productivity, which could negatively impact our rate of growth
in the current and future quarters and operating results, including revenue. In addition, any significant change to the way we structure our compensation of our sales
organization may be disruptive and may affect our revenue growth.
Sales to customers outside the United States expose us to risks inherent in international operations.
We sell our services throughout the world and are subject to risks and challenges associated with international business. We intend to seek to continue to
expand our international sales efforts. The risks and challenges associated with sales to customers outside the United States or those that can affect international
operations generally, include:
• regional economic and political conditions, natural disasters, acts of war, terrorism and actual or threatened public health emergencies;
• localization of our services, including translation into foreign languages and associated expenses;
• regulatory frameworks or business practices favoring local competitors;
16

Table of Contents
• pressure on the creditworthiness of sovereign nations, where we have customers and a balance of our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities;
• foreign currency fluctuations and controls, which may make our services more expensive for international customers and could add volatility to or
negatively impact our operating results;
• compliance with complex and evolving governmental laws and regulations, including employment, tax, anti-corruption, import/export, customs, antiboycott, sanctions and embargoes, antitrust, cybersecurity, sustainability and industry-specific laws and regulations, including rules related to compliance by
our third-party resellers;
• liquidity issues or political actions by sovereign nations, including nations with a controlled currency environment, could result in decreased values of these
balances or potential difficulties protecting our foreign assets or satisfying local obligations;
• vetting and monitoring our third-party resellers in new and evolving markets to confirm they maintain standards consistent with our brand and reputation;
• treatment of revenue from international sources, evolving domestic and international tax environments and changes to tax codes, including being subject to
and paying withholding taxes under foreign tax laws;
• uncertainty regarding the imposition of and changes in trade policies, including trade wars, tariffs or other trade restrictions or the threat of such actions, or
other geopolitical events, including the evolving relations between the United States and China, the United States and Russia, and ongoing conflicts, such as
the war in Ukraine and the regional conflict in the Middle East;
• perceptions of regions or governments in the regions where we operate or plan to operate, resulting in negative publicity or reputational harm;
• regional data privacy laws and other regulatory requirements that apply to outsourced service providers and to the transmission of our customers’ data
across international borders;
• different pricing environments;
• difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations;
• different or lesser protection of our intellectual property, including increased risk of theft of our proprietary technology and other intellectual property, and
more prevalent cybersecurity risks, particularly in jurisdictions in which we have historically chosen not to operate; and
• longer accounts receivable payment cycles and other collection difficulties.
Any of these factors could negatively impact our business and results of operations. The above factors may also negatively impact our ability to successfully
expand into emerging market countries, where we have little or no operating experience, where it can be costly and challenging to establish and maintain operations,
including hiring and managing required personnel, and difficult to promote our brand, and where we may not benefit from any first-to-market advantage or otherwise
succeed.
As more of our sales ef orts are targeted at larger enterprise customers, our sales cycle may become more time-consuming and expensive, we may
encounter pricing pressure and implementation and configuration challenges, and we may have to delay revenue recognition for some complex transactions, all
of which could harm our business and operating results.
As we target more of our sales efforts at larger enterprise customers, including governmental entities, and specific industries, such as financial services and
healthcare and life sciences, we may face greater costs, longer sales cycles, greater competition and less predictability in completing some of our sales. In these
market segments, the customer’s decision to use our services is often an enterprise-wide decision and, if so, may require us to provide greater levels of education
regarding the use and benefits of our services, as well as addressing concerns regarding privacy and data protection laws and regulations of prospective customers
with international operations or whose own customers operate internationally.
In addition, larger customers and governmental entities often demand more configuration, integration services and features. As a result of these factors, these
sales opportunities often require us to devote greater sales support and professional services resources to individual customers, driving up costs and time required to
complete sales and diverting our own sales and professional services resources to a smaller number of larger transactions, while potentially requiring us to delay
revenue recognition on some of these transactions until the technical or implementation requirements have been met.
Pricing and packaging strategies for enterprise and other customers for our existing and future service offerings, including for our AI offerings such as
Agentforce, may not be widely accepted by new or existing customers. We offer certain products, such as Agentforce and Data Cloud, through a consumption-based
pricing model, and we have limited experience with determining the optimal pricing for our consumption-based contracts. Due to customer flexibility in the timing
of their consumption, we could have lower levels of customer consumption of our products than we expect may result in suboptimal
17

Table of Contents
pricing for consumption-based contracts. Our adoption of or failure to adopt, as well as the manner and time of, changes to our pricing and packaging models and
strategies may harm our business.
We may lose key members of our management team or development and operations personnel, and may be unable to attract and retain employees we need
to support our operations and growth.
Our success depends substantially upon the continued services of our executive officers and other key members of management, particularly our chief
executive officer. We are also substantially dependent on the continued service of our existing development and operations personnel because of the complexity of
our services and technologies. Our executive officers, key management, development or operations personnel could terminate their employment with us at any time.
Effective succession planning for management is important to our long-term success, and changes in our management team resulting from the hiring, departure or
realignment of executives may be disruptive to our business. If we do not develop adequate succession planning for our key personnel, the loss of one or more of our
key employees or groups of employees could seriously harm our business.
The technology industry is subject to substantial and continuous competition for engineers with high levels of experience in designing, developing and
managing software and technology services, as well as competition for sales executives, data scientists and operations personnel. We have experienced challenges
with significant competition in talent recruitment and retention, and may not in the future be successful in recruiting or retaining such talent. We have experienced
and expect to continue to experience difficulty in hiring, developing, integrating and retaining highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications. These
difficulties may be amplified by evolving restrictions on immigration, travel, or availability of visas for skilled technology workers. Additionally, our compensation
arrangements and benefits may not always be successful in attracting new employees or retaining and motivating our existing personnel. If we fail to attract new
personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our business and future growth prospects could be severely harmed.
In January 2023, we announced a restructuring plan intended to reduce operating costs, improve operating margins and continue advancing our ongoing
commitment to profitable growth, which included a reduction of our workforce and office space reductions within certain markets. The workforce reduction was
substantially completed by the end of fiscal 2024, and real estate actions are expected to be completed by the end of fiscal 2026. Additionally, throughout fiscal 2025
we initiated further targeted workforce and office space reductions. These restructuring actions, or any similar actions taken in the future, could negatively impact our
ability to attract, integrate, retain and motivate key employees.
In addition, we believe in the importance of our corporate culture, which fosters dialogue, collaboration, recognition, equality and a sense of family. As our
organization has grown and expanded globally, and as our workplace plans have developed, including workforce and office space reductions related to our
restructuring actions, we have experienced and may continue to experience difficulties maintaining our corporate culture globally, including managing the
complexities of communicating with all employees. Any inability to maintain our corporate culture could negatively impact our ability to attract and retain
employees, harm our reputation with customers or negatively impact our future growth.
Any failure in the delivery of high-quality professional and technical support services related to our online applications may adversely af ect our
relationships with our customers and our financial results.
Our customers sometimes require highly skilled and trained service professionals to successfully implement our applications and depend on our support
organization to resolve technical issues relating to our applications. Implementation services may be performed by us, our customers, a third party, or a combination
thereof. Our strategy is to work with third parties to increase the breadth of capability and depth of capacity for delivery of these services to our customers. If
customers are not satisfied with the quality and timing of work by us or a third party or with the type of services or solutions delivered, we could incur additional
costs to address the situation, the profitability of that work might be impaired, our revenue recognition could be impacted and the customer’s dissatisfaction with the
services received could negatively impact our ability to sell our other offerings to that customer or retain existing customers. In addition, negative publicity related to
our customer relationships, regardless of its accuracy, may further damage our business by affecting our ability to compete for new business with current or
prospective customers. We may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in customer demand for support services across our
varying and diverse offerings. In addition, our sales process is highly dependent on our applications and business reputation and on positive recommendations from
our existing customers. Any failure or perceived failure to maintain high-quality professional and technical support services could adversely affect our reputation, our
ability to sell our service offerings to existing and prospective customers, and our business, operating results and financial position.
Strategic and Industry Risks
The markets in which we participate are intensely competitive, and if we do not compete ef ectively, our operating results could be harmed.
18

Table of Contents
The market for enterprise applications and platform services is highly competitive, rapidly evolving, fragmented and subject to changing technology, low
barriers to entry, shifting customer needs and frequent introductions of new products and services. Many prospective customers have invested substantial personnel
and financial resources to implement and integrate their current enterprise software into their businesses and therefore may be reluctant or unwilling to migrate away
from their current solution to a different enterprise software service. Additionally, third-party developers may be reluctant to build application services on our
platform since they have invested in other competing technology platforms.
Our current competitors include:
• vendors of packaged business software, as well as companies offering enterprise applications delivered through on-premises offerings from enterprise
software application vendors and cloud computing application service providers, either individually or with others;
• software companies that provide their product or service free of charge as a single product or when bundled with other offerings, or only charge a premium for
advanced features and functionality, as well as companies that offer solutions that are sold without a direct sales organization;
• vendors who offer software tailored to specific services, industries or market segments, as opposed to our full suite of service offerings, including suppliers of
traditional business intelligence and data preparation products, integration software vendors, marketing vendors, e-commerce solutions vendors or AI software
and service vendors;
• productivity tool and email providers, unified communications providers and consumer application companies that have entered the business software market;
and
• traditional platform development environment companies and cloud computing development platform companies who may develop toolsets and products that
allow customers to build new applications, including AI-augmented applications, that run on the customers’ current infrastructure or as hosted services, as well
as would-be customers who may develop enterprise applications for internal use.
In addition, we may face more competition as we expand our product offerings. Some of our current and potential competitors may have competitive
advantages, such as greater name recognition, longer operating histories, more significant installed bases, broader geographic scope, broader suites of service
offerings and larger marketing budgets, as well as substantially greater financial, technical, personnel and other resources. In addition, many of our current and
potential competitors have established marketing relationships and access to larger customer bases, and have major distribution agreements with consultants, system
integrators and resellers. We also experience competition from smaller, younger competitors that may be more agile in responding to customers’ demands and offer
more targeted and simplified solutions. Our competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities,
technologies, standards or customer requirements, or provide competitive pricing, more flexible contracts or faster implementations. Additionally, as we continue to
increase building AI into many of our offerings, we face more competition as AI technologies are increasingly integrated into the markets in which we compete. New
AI offerings may disrupt workforce needs and negatively impact demand for our offerings, or our competitors may be able to incorporate AI into their offerings more
efficiently or successfully than we are able to and achieve greater and faster adoption. Even if our services are more effective than the products and services that our
competitors offer, potential customers might select competitive products and services in lieu of purchasing our services. For all of these reasons, we may not be able
to compete successfully against our competitors, which could negatively impact our future sales and harm our business.
Our ef orts to expand our service of erings and to develop and integrate our existing services in order to keep pace with technological developments may
not succeed and may reduce our revenue growth rate and harm our business.
Our efforts to expand our current service offerings may not succeed and may reduce our revenue growth rate. In addition, the markets and monetization
strategies for certain offerings, including Agentforce and Data Cloud, remain relatively new and uncertain and as a result our expansion into such offerings, and
related investments, may present additional risks and challenges. For example, we offer certain products, including Agentforce and Data Cloud, through a
consumption-based business model and may increase the number of products through which we do so. We have limited experience with determining optimal pricing
for our consumption-based contracts. Additionally, due to customer flexibility in the timing of their consumption, we could have lower levels of customer
consumption of our products than we expect which may result in suboptimal pricing for consumption-based contracts. Further, the introduction of future platform
changes and upgrades may not result in long term revenue growth.
If we are unable to develop enhancements to, and new features for, our existing or new services that keep pace with rapid technological developments, our
business could be harmed. The success of enhancements, new features and services depends on several factors, including its timely completion, introduction and
market acceptance, as well as our ability to integrate all of our product and service offerings and develop adequate selling capabilities in new markets. Failure in this
regard may significantly impair our revenue growth as well as negatively impact our operating results if the additional costs are not offset by additional revenues. In
addition, because our services are designed to operate over various network technologies and on a
19

Table of Contents
variety of mobile devices, operating systems and computer hardware and software platforms, we need to continuously modify and enhance our services to keep pace
with changes in these technologies, as well as continue to maintain and support our services on legacy systems. We may not be successful in either developing these
modifications and enhancements or in bringing them to market timely.
Additionally, if we fail to timely anticipate or identify significant technology trends and developments, or if we do not devote appropriate resources to adapting
to such trends and developments, our business could be harmed. Uncertainties about the timing and nature of new network platforms or technologies, modifications
to existing platforms or technologies, including text messaging capabilities, or changes in customer usage patterns thereof could increase our research and
development or service delivery expenses or lead to our increased reliance on certain vendors. Any failure of our services to operate effectively with future network
platforms and technologies could reduce the demand for our services, result in customer dissatisfaction and harm our business.
Our continued success depends on our ability to maintain and enhance our brands.
We believe that the brand identities we have developed, including associations with trust, customer success, innovation, equality and sustainability have
significantly contributed to the success of our business. Maintaining and enhancing the Salesforce brand and our other brands is critical to expanding our base of
customers, partners and employees. Our brand strength, particularly for our core services, depends largely on our ability to remain a technology leader and to
continue to provide high-quality innovative products, services and features in a secure, reliable manner that enhances our customers’success even as we scale and
expand our services. In order to maintain and enhance the strength of our brands, we have made and may in the future make substantial investments to expand or
improve our product offerings and services, or we may enter new markets that may be accompanied by initial complications or ultimately prove to be unsuccessful.
In addition, we have secured the naming rights to facilities controlled by third parties, such as office towers and a transit center, and any negative events or
publicity arising in connection with these facilities could adversely impact our brand.
Further, entry into markets with weaker protection of brands or changes in the legal systems in countries we operate may impact our ability to protect our
brands. If we fail to maintain, enhance or protect our brands, or if we incur excessive expenses in our efforts to do so, our business, operating results and financial
condition may be materially and adversely affected.
We are subject to risks associated with our strategic investments, including partial or complete loss of invested capital. Significant changes in the fair value
of this portfolio could negatively impact our financial results.
We manage a portfolio of strategic investments in both privately held and publicly traded companies focused primarily on enterprise cloud companies,
technology startups and system integrators. While we invest in companies that we believe are digitally transforming their industries, advancing responsible
generative AI, improving customer experiences, helping us expand our solution ecosystem or supporting other corporate initiatives, we may still experience
unforeseen brand or reputational harm associated with our investments. Our investments range from early to late stage companies, including investments made
concurrent with a company’s initial public offering. Investments in early stage companies are inherently speculative, as these companies may not yet be revenuegenerating and could still be in the process of developing their products and services at the time of our investment. The financial success of our investment in any
company is typically dependent on a liquidity event, such as a public offering, acquisition or other favorable market event reflecting appreciation to the cost of our
initial investment. Our investments may face challenges from regulatory authorities, including antitrust authorities, potentially resulting in unexpected costs, delays,
or unfavorable conditions imposed on transactions involving our investment portfolio. In certain cases, our ability to sell these investments may be impacted by
contractual obligations to hold the securities for a set period of time after a public offering. All of our investments are subject to a risk of partial or total loss of
invested capital.
We are exposed to volatility in our operating results due to changes in market prices, observable price changes and impairments of our strategic investments.
The measurement of our non-marketable equity and debt securities at fair value is inherently subjective and requires management judgment and estimation. The
resulting gains or losses could be material depending on market conditions and events, particularly in periods with economic uncertainty, inflation, geopolitical
conflict, volatile public equity markets or unsettled global market conditions.
If third-party developers and providers do not continue to embrace our technology delivery model and enterprise cloud computing services, or if our
customers seek warranties from us for third-party applications, integrations, data and content, our business could be harmed.
Our success depends on the willingness of a growing community of third-party developers and technology providers to build applications and provide
integrations, data and content that are complementary to our services. Without the continued development of these applications and provision of such integrations,
data and content, both current and potential customers may not find our services sufficiently attractive, which could impact future sales. In addition, for those
customers who authorize a third-party technology partner to access their data, we do not provide any warranty related to the functionality, security or integrity of the
data access, transmission or processing. Despite contract provisions to protect us, customers may look to us to
20

Table of Contents
support and provide warranties for the third-party applications, integrations, data and content, even though not developed or sold by us, which may expose us to
potential claims, liabilities and obligations, all of which could harm our reputation and our business.
Social and ethical issues, including the use or capabilities of AI in our of erings, may result in reputational harm and liability.
Policies we adopt or choose not to adopt on social and ethical issues, especially regarding the use of our products, may be unpopular with some of our
employees or with our customers or potential customers, and have in the past impacted and may in the future impact our ability to attract or retain employees and
customers. Our decisions about whether to conduct business with potential customers, or whether to continue or expand business with existing customers, may also
impact our ability to attract or retain employees and customers, and could result in negative publicity or reputational harm. Further, actions taken by our customers
and employees, including through the use or misuse of our products or new technologies for illegal activities or improper information sharing, may result in
reputational harm or possible liability, particularly in light of regulatory requirements like the Digital Services Act (“DSA”) from the EU. For example, we have been
subject to allegations in legal proceedings that we should be liable for the use of certain of our products by third parties. Although we believe that we have a strong
defense against these allegations, legal proceedings can be lengthy, expensive and disruptive to our operations and the outcome of any claims or litigation, regardless
of the merits, is inherently uncertain. Regardless of outcome, these types of claims could cause reputational harm to our brand or result in liability.
We are increasingly building AI into many of our offerings, including generative and agentic AI. As with many innovations, AI offerings, such as Agentforce,
and our Salesforce Platform present additional risks and challenges that could affect their adoption and therefore our business. For example, the development of our
AI offerings and the Salesforce Platform, which provides information regarding our customers’ customers, present emerging ethical issues. If we enable or offer
solutions that draw controversy due to their perceived or actual impact on human rights, privacy, employment, or in other social contexts, we may experience new or
enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, brand or reputational harm, competitive harm or legal liability, especially as geopolitical turmoil creates increasingly
volatile political and market conditions. Inadequate or ineffective AI development, deployment, content labeling or governance by us or others that result in
controversy could also impair the acceptance of AI solutions or result in unintended performance of the services. This in turn could undermine confidence in the
decisions, predictions, analysis or other content that our AI applications produce, subjecting us to competitive harm, legal liability and brand or reputational harm.
The rapid evolution of AI will require the application of resources to develop, test and maintain our products and services to help ensure that AI is implemented
ethically in order to minimize unintended, harmful impact. Uncertainty around new and emerging AI applications such as generative AI content creation and AI
agents will require additional investment in compliance, governance and the licensing or development of proprietary datasets, machine learning models and systems
to test for accuracy, bias and other variables, which are often complex, may be costly and could impact our profit margin. Moreover, the move from AI content
classification to AI content generation through our development of Agentforce and other generative AI products brings additional risks and responsibility. Known
risks of generative AI currently include risks related to accuracy, bias, toxicity, privacy and security and data provenance. For example, AI technologies, including
generative AI, may create content that appears correct but is factually inaccurate or flawed, or contains copyrighted or other protected material, and if our customers
or others use this flawed or protected content to their detriment, or the owners of such copyrighted material seek to enforce their rights, we may be exposed to brand
or reputational harm, competitive harm and/or legal liability. Developing, testing and deploying AI systems may also increase the cost profile of our offerings due to
the nature of the computing costs involved in such systems. If we are unable to mitigate these risks, or if we incur excessive expenses in our efforts to do so, our
reputation, business, operating results and financial condition may be harmed.
The evolving landscape related to ESG matters may expose us to risks that could adversely af ect our reputation and performance.
Equality and sustainability are core values of the Company. In furtherance of these values, we have in the past and may in the future establish and disclose
quantitative and qualitative statements related to ESG matters, which are aspirational and subject to numerous risks and dependencies. The proliferation of
regulations addressing climate, human capital and other ESG topics at the regional, state, national and international levels has required and may continue to require
significant effort and resources, and our practices, processes and controls may not ensure compliance with evolving standards. Further, various regulations may
conflict with each other, making universal compliance challenging as a multinational company, and our status as a government contractor in various jurisdictions,
including but not limited to the U.S. where we are headquartered, may also result in greater exposure or differentiated obligations or requirements with which we
would seek to comply. The standards and frameworks for tracking and reporting on ESG matters continue to evolve, and our use, interpretation or application of such
frameworks and standards may change from time to time or differ from those of other companies, which may result in a lack of consistent or meaningful comparative
data from period to period or between Salesforce and other companies. In addition, our ESG practices and disclosures may not satisfy, appropriately respond to the
concerns of or be supported by all investors, customers, partners, regulators, enforcement authorities or other stakeholders (including those in support of and those in
21

Table of Contents
opposition to various ESG practices), whose expectations and requirements are evolving and varied. Any violation of, non-compliance with or failure to meet such
expectations or requirements, or negative publicity related to our ESG practices or disclosures, could result in harm to our reputation, our ability to attract or retain
employees, and our attractiveness as an investment, business partner, acquiror or service provider, could expose us to increased scrutiny or criticism or to regulatory
or enforcement actions or litigation, and could cause us to incur increased costs to address or defend against such actions.
Legal and Regulatory Risks
Privacy concerns and laws as well as evolving regulation of cloud computing, AI services, cross-border data transfer restrictions and other domestic or
foreign regulations may limit the use and adoption of our services and adversely af ect our business.
Regulation related to the provision of services over the Internet is evolving, as federal, state and foreign governments continue to adopt new, or modify
existing, laws and regulations addressing data privacy, cybersecurity, data protection, data sovereignty and the collection, processing, storage, hosting, transfer and
use of data, generally. In some cases, data privacy laws and regulations, such as the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), impose obligations directly
on us as both a data controller and a data processor, as well as on many of our customers. In addition, domestic data privacy laws, such as the California Consumer
Privacy Act as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (“CCPA”), and laws that have recently passed and/or gone into effect in many other states similarly
impose new obligations on us and many of our customers, potentially as both a covered business and service provider. These laws continue to evolve, including, for
example, India’s Digital Personal Data Protection Act 2023, and as various jurisdictions introduce similar proposals, which often include subsequent rules and
regulation, we and our customers become subject to additional regulatory burdens. New EU laws, including the DSA, the Data Act and the AI Act, may impose
additional rules and restrictions on the use of our products and services.
In addition, various safe harbors have historically been provided to those who hosted content provided by others, such as safe harbors from monetary damages
for copyright infringement arising from copyrighted content provided by customers and others and for defamation and other torts arising from information provided
by customers and others. There is an increasing demand for repealing or limiting these safe harbors by either judicial decision or legislation, and we have active legal
proceedings that have been impacted by the repeal or limiting of safe harbors that were previously available to us. Loss of these safe harbors may require altering or
limiting some of our services or may require additional contractual terms to avoid liabilities for our customers’ misconduct.
Although we monitor the regulatory, judicial and legislative environment and have invested in addressing these developments, these laws may require us to
make additional changes to our practices and services to enable us or our customers to meet the new legal requirements, and may also increase our potential liability
exposure through new or higher potential penalties for noncompliance, including as a result of penalties, fines and lawsuits related to data breaches. Furthermore,
privacy laws and regulations are subject to differing interpretations and may be inconsistent among jurisdictions. These and other requirements are causing increased
scrutiny among customers, particularly in the public sector and highly regulated industries, and may be perceived differently from customer to customer. These
developments could reduce demand for our services, require us to take on more onerous obligations in our contracts, restrict our ability to store, transfer and process
data or, in some cases, impact our ability or our customers’ ability to offer our services in certain locations, to deploy our solutions, to reach current and prospective
customers, or to derive insights from customer data globally. For example, in July 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union (“CJEU”) invalidated the EUU.S. Privacy Shield Framework, one of the mechanisms that allowed companies, including us, to transfer personal data from the European Economic Area (“EEA”)
to the United States. Even though the CJEU decision upheld the Standard Contractual Clauses (“SCCs”) as an adequate transfer mechanism, the decision created
uncertainty around the validity of all EU-to-U.S. data transfers. While the EU and U.S. governments have since adopted the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework to
foster EU-to-U.S. data transfers and address the concerns raised in the aforementioned CJEU decision, it is uncertain whether this framework will be overturned in
court like the previous two EU-U.S. bilateral cross-border transfer frameworks. As a result, regulators may continue to be inclined to interpret the CJEU’s decision,
and the logic behind it, as significantly restricting certain cross-border transfers and the cost and complexity of providing our services in certain markets may
increase. Certain countries outside of the EEA have also passed or are considering passing laws requiring varying degrees of local data residency. By way of further
example, statutory damages available through a private right of action for certain data breaches under the CCPA, may increase our and our customers’ potential
liability and the demands our customers place on us.
The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, privacy laws, regulations and standards may limit the use and adoption of our services, reduce
overall demand for our services, make it more difficult to meet expectations from our commitments to customers and our customers’ customers, lead to significant
fines, penalties or liabilities for noncompliance, impact our reputation, or slow the pace at which we close sales transactions, in particular where customers request
specific warranties and unlimited indemnity for noncompliance with privacy laws, any of which could harm our business.
22

Table of Contents
In addition to government activity, privacy advocates and other industry groups have established or may establish new self-regulatory standards that may place
additional burdens on our ability to provide our services globally. Our customers expect us to meet voluntary certification and other standards established by third
parties. If we are unable to maintain these certifications or meet these standards, it could adversely affect our ability to provide our solutions to certain customers and
could harm our business. In addition, we have seen a trend toward the private enforcement of data protection obligations, including through private actions for
alleged noncompliance, which could harm our business and negatively impact our reputation. For example, in 2020 we were made a party to a legal proceeding
brought by a Dutch privacy advocacy group (the Privacy Collective) on behalf of certain Dutch citizens that claims we violated the GDPR and Dutch
Telecommunications Act through the processing and sharing of data in connection with our Audience Studio and Data Studio products. In December 2021, the
Amsterdam District Court declared the Privacy Collective’s claims against us inadmissible and dismissed the case, however, this ruling was appealed by the Privacy
Collective. The appeal hearing took place in the Amsterdam Court of Appeal in February 2024 and the appellate court reversed the district court’s judgment. We have
appealed that appellate decision to the Dutch Supreme Court. We were also named as a defendant in a similar lawsuit brought in the UK, which has subsequently
been dismissed. Although we believe we have a strong defense for these claims, these or similar future claims could cause reputational harm to our brand or result in
liability. In addition, a shift in consumers’ data privacy expectations or other social, economic or political developments could impact the regulatory enforcement of
privacy regulations, which could require our cooperation and increase the cost of compliance with the imposed regulations.
Furthermore, the uncertain and shifting regulatory environment and trust climate may raise concerns regarding data privacy and cybersecurity, which may
cause our customers or our customers’ customers to resist providing the data necessary to allow our customers to use our services effectively. In addition, new
products we develop or acquire in connection with changing events may expose us to liability or regulatory risk. Even the perception that the privacy and security of
personal information are not satisfactorily protected or do not meet regulatory requirements could inhibit sales of our products or services and could limit adoption of
our cloud-based solutions.
Industry-specific regulations and other requirements and standards are evolving and industry-specific laws, regulations, interpretive positions or standards
could harm our business.
Our customers and potential customers conduct business in a variety of industries, including financial services, the public sector, healthcare and
telecommunications. Regulators in certain industries have adopted and may in the future adopt regulations or interpretive positions regarding the use of cloud
computing, AI services and other outsourced services. The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, industry-specific laws, regulations and
interpretive positions may limit our customers’ use and adoption of our services and reduce overall demand for our services. Compliance with these regulations may
also require us to devote greater resources to support certain customers, which may increase costs and lengthen sales cycles. For example, some financial services
regulators have imposed guidelines for use of cloud computing services that mandate specific controls or require financial services enterprises to obtain regulatory
approval prior to outsourcing certain functions. If we are unable to comply with these guidelines or controls, or if our customers are unable to obtain regulatory
approval to use our services where required, our business may be harmed. In addition, an inability to satisfy the standards of certain voluntary third-party
certification bodies that our customers may expect, such as an attestation of compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards, may have an
adverse impact on our business and results. Any inability in the future to achieve or maintain industry-specific certifications or other requirements or standards
relevant to our customers may harm our business and adversely affect our results.
Further, in some cases, industry-specific, regionally-specific or product-specific laws, regulations or interpretive positions may impact our ability, as well as the
ability of our customers, partners and data providers, to collect, augment, analyze, use, transfer and share personal and other information that is integral to certain
services we provide. The interpretation of many of these statutes, regulations and rulings is evolving in the courts and administrative agencies and an inability to
comply may have an adverse impact on our business and results. This impact may be particularly acute in countries that have passed or are considering passing
legislation that requires data to remain localized “in country,” as this may impose financial costs on companies required to store data in jurisdictions not of their
choosing and to use nonstandard operational processes that add complexity and are difficult and costly to integrate with global processes. This is also true with
respect to the global proliferation of laws regulating the financial services industry, including its use of cloud services. In Europe, the Digital Operational Resilience
Act (“DORA”), which aims to ensure the resilience of the EU financial sectors, including through mandatory risk management, incident reporting, resilience testing
and third-party outsourcing restrictions, went into effect in January 2025. The UK is advancing similar legislation and other countries may follow.
Further, countries and states are applying their data and consumer protection laws to AI, and particularly generative AI, and/or are enacting or considering legal
frameworks on AI, such as the Utah Artificial Intelligence Policy Act, the Colorado Artificial Intelligence Act and the draft CCPA regulations on automated decisionmaking technology. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with such requirements could have an adverse impact on our business.
23

Table of Contents
There are various statutes, regulations and rulings relevant to direct email marketing and text-messaging, including the Telephone Consumer Protection Act
(“TCPA”) and related Federal Communication Commission orders, which impose significant restrictions on the ability to utilize telephone calls and text messages to
mobile telephone numbers as a means of communication, when the prior consent of the person being contacted has not been obtained. We have been, and may in the
future be, subject to one or more class-action lawsuits, as well as individual lawsuits, containing allegations that one of our businesses or customers violated the
TCPA. A determination that we or our customers violated the TCPA or other communications-based statutes could expose us to significant damage awards that could,
individually or in the aggregate, materially harm our business. In addition, many jurisdictions across the world are currently considering, or have already begun
implementing, changes to antitrust and competition laws, regulations or interpretative positions to enhance competition in digital markets and address practices by
certain digital platforms that they perceive to be anticompetitive. These regulatory efforts could result in laws, regulations or interpretative positions that may require
us to change certain of our business practices, undertake new compliance obligations or otherwise may have an adverse impact on our business and results.
We have been and may in the future be sued by third parties for various claims, including alleged infringement of proprietary rights.
We are involved in various legal matters arising from the normal course of business activities. These include claims, suits, government investigations and other
proceedings involving alleged infringement of third-party patents and other intellectual property rights, as well as commercial, corporate and securities, labor and
employment, class actions, wage and hour, antitrust, data privacy, cybersecurity and other matters.
The software and Internet industries are characterized by the existence of many patents, trademarks, trade secrets and copyrights and by frequent litigation
based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. We have received in the past and may receive in the future communications
from third parties, including practicing entities and non-practicing entities, claiming that we have infringed their intellectual property rights. We have also been, and
may in the future be, sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their claimed proprietary rights. Our technologies may be subject to injunction if they are found
to infringe the rights of a third party or we may be required to pay damages, or both. Further, many of our subscription agreements require us to indemnify our
customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which would increase the cost to us of an adverse ruling on such a claim.
In addition, we have in the past been, and may in the future be, sued by third parties who seek to target us for actions taken by our customers, including through
the use or misuse of our products. For example, we have been subject to allegations in legal proceedings that we should be liable for the use of certain of our
products by third parties. Although we believe we have a strong defense for these claims, such claims could cause reputational harm to our brand or result in liability.
Our exposure to risks associated with various claims may be increased as a result of acquisitions of other companies. For example, we are subject to ongoing
securities class action litigation and related stockholder derivative claims brought against Slack that remain outstanding, and as to which we may ultimately be
subject to liability or settlement costs. Additionally, we may have a lower level of visibility into the development process with respect to intellectual property or the
care taken to safeguard against infringement risks with respect to acquired companies or technologies. In addition, third parties have made claims in connection with
our acquisitions and may do so in the future, and they may also make infringement and similar or related claims after we have acquired technology that had not been
asserted prior to our acquisition.
The outcome of any claims or litigation, regardless of the merits, is inherently uncertain. Any claims or lawsuits, and the disposition of such claims and
lawsuits, whether through settlement or licensing discussions, or litigation, could be time-consuming and expensive to resolve, divert management attention from
executing our business plan, result in efforts to enjoin our activities, lead to attempts on the part of other parties to pursue similar claims and, in the case of
intellectual property claims, require us to change our technology, change our business practices, pay monetary damages or enter into short- or long-term royalty or
licensing agreements.
Any adverse determination or settlement could prevent us from offering our services to others, could be material to our financial condition or cash flows, or
both, or could otherwise adversely affect our operating results, including our operating cash flow in a particular period. In addition, depending on the nature and
timing of any such dispute, an unfavorable resolution of a legal matter could materially affect our current or future results of operations or cash flows in a particular
period.
Any failure to obtain registration or protection of our intellectual property rights could impair our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our
brand, causing us to incur significant expenses and harm our business.
If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights adequately, our competitors may gain access to our technology, affecting our brand, causing us to incur
significant expenses and harming our business. Any of our patents, trademarks or other intellectual property rights may be challenged by others or invalidated
through administrative process or litigation. While we have many U.S. patents and pending U.S. and international patent applications, we may be unable to obtain
patent protection for the technology covered in our patent applications or the patent protection may not be obtained quickly enough to meet our business needs. In
addition, our existing patents and any patents issued in the future may not provide us with competitive
24

Table of Contents
advantages, or may be successfully challenged by third parties. Similar uncertainty applies to our U.S. and international trademark registrations and applications.
Furthermore, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual property rights are uncertain, and we also may face
proposals to change the scope of protection for some intellectual property rights in the U.S. and elsewhere. Additionally, the intellectual property ownership and
license rights, including copyright, surrounding AI technologies, which we are increasingly building into our product offerings, has not been fully addressed by U.S.
courts or other federal or state laws or regulations, and the use or adoption of AI technologies in our products and services may expose us to copyright infringement
or other intellectual property misappropriation claims related to AI training or output. Effective patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be
available to us in every country in which our services are available and legal changes and uncertainty in various countries’ intellectual property regimes may result in
making conduct that we believe is lawful to be deemed violative of others’ rights. The laws of some foreign countries may not be as protective of intellectual
property rights as those in the U.S., and mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights may be inadequate. Also, our involvement in standard-setting
activity, our contribution to open source projects, various competition law regimes or the need to obtain licenses from others may require us to license our intellectual
property in certain circumstances. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may be unable to prevent third parties from using our intellectual property.
We may be required to spend significant resources and expense to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights. We may initiate claims or litigation
against third parties for infringement of our proprietary rights or to establish the validity of our proprietary rights. If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights,
it could impact our ability to protect our technology and brand. Furthermore, any litigation, whether or not it is resolved in our favor, could result in significant
expense to us, cause us to divert time and resources from our core business, and harm our business.
We may be subject to risks related to government contracts and related procurement regulations.
Contracting with federal, state, local and foreign governments or state-owned entities subjects us to various procurement regulations and other requirements
relating to these contracts’ formation, administration and performance, and how we engage with government officials. We are from time to time subject to audits,
inquiries and investigations relating to our government contracts, which may result in adverse perceptions of our business, reductions in utilization of our services or
termination of our contracts without cause and at any time. Additionally, any violations could result in various civil and criminal penalties and administrative
sanctions, including termination of contracts, refunding or suspending of payments, forfeiture of profits, payment of fines and suspension or debarment from future
government business, as well as reputational harm. Additionally, our contracting with certain government entities may result in negative publicity or reputational
harm. Any of these risks related to contracting with governmental entities could adversely impact our future sales, costs of doing business and operating results.
We are subject to governmental sanctions and export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets and may subject
us to liability if we are not in full compliance with applicable laws.
Our solutions are subject to trade control laws and regulations where we conduct our business activities, including the U.S. Commerce Department’s Export
Administration Regulations, U.S. customs regulations, U.S. supply chain regulations and various economic and trade sanctions regulations administered by the U.S.
Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control. If we fail to comply with applicable trade control laws and regulations, we and certain of our employees
could be subject to substantial civil or criminal penalties, including the possible loss of trade privileges; fines, which may be imposed on us and responsible
employees or managers; and, in extreme cases, the incarceration of responsible employees or managers. Obtaining necessary authorizations, including any required
licenses, may be time-consuming, requires expenditure of corporate resources, is not guaranteed, and may result in the delay or loss of sales opportunities or the
ability to realize value from certain acquisitions or engagements. Acquisitions may also subject us to successor liability and other integration compliance risks.
Furthermore, export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations may prohibit or limit the transfer of certain products and services to embargoed or
sanctioned countries, governments and parties. We can provide no assurance that any of the precautions we take to prevent our solutions from being provisioned or
provided to sanctions targets in violation of applicable regulations will be effective, and, accordingly, our solutions could be provisioned or provided to those targets,
including by our resellers or other third parties, which could have negative consequences for our business, including government investigations, penalties and
reputational harm. Changes in our solutions or trade control laws and regulations may create delays in the introduction, sale and deployment of our solutions in
international markets or prevent the export or import of our solutions to certain countries, governments or persons altogether. Any decreased use of our solutions or
limitation on our ability to export or sell our solutions may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Sanctions and export and
import control regulations in the United States and other countries are subject to change and uncertainty, including as a result of rapidly evolving technology,
increased government regulation of AI and cloud service solutions, and geopolitical developments such as events affecting relations between the United States and
China, multi-jurisdictional sanctions on Russia, the war in Ukraine and regional conflict in the Middle East. Regulators in the United States and elsewhere have
signaled an increased emphasis on sanctions and export control enforcement, including efforts to combat diversion of services to sanctioned countries and parties,
several recent high-profile enforcement actions and increased pressure for companies to self-disclose potential violations.
25

Table of Contents
Financial Risks
Because we generally recognize revenue from subscriptions for our services over the term of the subscription, downturns or upturns in new business may
not be immediately reflected in our operating results.
We generally recognize revenue from customers ratably over the terms of their subscription and support agreements, which are typically 12 to 36 months. As a
result, most of the revenue we report in each quarter is the result of subscription and support agreements entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, a
decline in new or renewed subscriptions in any one quarter may not be reflected in our revenue results for that quarter but will negatively impact our revenue in
future quarters. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales and market acceptance of our services, and changes in our attrition rate, may not be fully
reflected in our results of operations until future periods. Our subscription model also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenue through additional sales
in any period, as revenue from new customers must be recognized over the applicable subscription and support term.
If we experience significant fluctuations in our rate of anticipated growth and fail to balance our expenses with our revenue forecasts, our business could
be harmed and the market price of our common stock could decline.
Due to the unpredictability of future general economic and financial market conditions, including from the global economic impact of ongoing conflicts, such
as the war in Ukraine and the regional conflict in the Middle East; the pace of change and innovation in enterprise cloud computing services; the impact of foreign
currency exchange rate fluctuations; uncertainty regarding changes in trade policy; changing interest rates and inflation; the growing complexity of our business,
including the use of multiple pricing and packaging models and the increasing amount of revenue from term software license sales; and our increasing focus on
enterprise cloud computing services, we may not be able to realize our projected revenue growth plans. We plan our expense and investment levels based on
estimates of future revenue and future anticipated rate of growth. We may not be able to adjust our spending appropriately if the addition of new subscriptions or the
renewals of existing subscriptions fall short of our expectations, and unanticipated events may cause us to incur expenses beyond what we anticipated. A portion of
our expenses may also be fixed in nature for some minimum amount of time, such as with costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, data center and infrastructure
service contracts or office leases, so it may not be possible to reduce costs in a timely manner, or at all, without the payment of fees to exit certain obligations early.
Additionally, if sales through indirect channels or for consumption-based product offerings increase, this may lead to greater difficulty in forecasting revenue and
anticipated rate of growth. As a result, our revenues, operating results and cash flows may fluctuate significantly on a quarterly basis and revenue growth rates may
not be sustainable and may decline in the future. If we are not able to provide continued operating margin expansion, our business could be harmed and the market
price of our common stock could decline.
Unanticipated changes in our ef ective tax rate and additional tax liabilities and global tax developments may impact our financial results.
We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various other jurisdictions. Significant judgment is often required in the determination of our
worldwide provision for income taxes. Our effective tax rate could be impacted by changes in our earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory tax rates,
changes in operations, changes in non-deductible expenses, changes in the tax effects of stock-based compensation expense, changes in the valuation of deferred tax
assets and liabilities and our ability to utilize them, the applicability of withholding taxes, effects from acquisitions and changes in accounting principles and tax
laws. Any changes, ambiguity or uncertainty in taxing jurisdictions’ administrative interpretations, decisions, policies and positions could also materially impact our
income tax liabilities.
We may also be subject to additional tax liabilities and penalties due to changes in non-income based taxes resulting from changes in federal, state, local or
international tax laws, changes in taxing jurisdictions’ administrative interpretations, decisions, policies and positions, results of tax examinations, settlements or
judicial decisions, changes in accounting principles, or changes to our business operations, including as a result of acquisitions. Any resulting increase in our tax
obligation or cash taxes paid could adversely affect our cash flows and financial results.
We are also subject to tax examinations or engaged in alternative resolutions in multiple jurisdictions. While we regularly evaluate new information that may
change our judgment resulting in recognition, derecognition or changes in measurement of a tax position taken, there can be no assurance that the final determination
of any examinations will not have an adverse effect on our operating results or financial position.
As our business continues to grow, increasing our brand recognition and profitability, we may be subject to increased scrutiny and corresponding tax disputes,
which may impact our cash flows and financial results. Furthermore, our growing prominence may bring public attention to our tax profile, and if perceived
negatively, may cause brand or reputational harm.
Global tax developments applicable to multinational businesses may have a material impact to our business, cash flows, or financial results. Such
developments, for example, may include certain provisions introduced by certain Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development’s proposals including
the implementation of the global minimum tax under the Pillar Two model rules, and the European Commission’s and certain major jurisdictions’ heightened interest
in and taxation of
26

Table of Contents
companies participating in the digital economy. Furthermore, governments’ responses to macroeconomic factors and tax revenue needs may lead to tax rule changes
that could materially and adversely affect our cash flows and financial results.
We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates that have in the past and could in the future negatively impact our financial results and cash
flows from changes in the value of the U.S. Dollar versus local currencies.
We primarily conduct our business in the following regions: the Americas, Europe and Asia Pacific. The expanding global scope of our business exposes us to
risk of fluctuations in foreign currency markets, including in emerging markets. This exposure is the result of selling in multiple currencies, growth in our
international investments, additional headcount in foreign locations, and operating in countries where the functional currency is the local currency. Specifically, our
results of operations and cash flows are subject to currency fluctuations primarily in Euro, British Pound Sterling, Japanese Yen, Canadian Dollar, Australian Dollar,
Brazilian Real and Indian Rupee against the U.S. Dollar. These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve, economic and political conditions
change and evolving tax regulations come into effect. The fluctuations of currencies in which we conduct business can both increase and decrease our overall
revenue and expenses for any given fiscal period. Furthermore, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, combined with the seasonality of our business, could
affect our ability to accurately predict our future results and earnings.
Additionally, global events as well as geopolitical developments, including the war in Ukraine and regional conflict in the Middle East, fluctuating commodity
prices, uncertainty regarding changes in trade policy and inflation, have caused, and may in the future cause, global economic uncertainty and uncertainty about the
interest rate environment, which has and could in the future amplify the volatility of currency fluctuations. Although we attempt to mitigate some of this volatility
and related risks through foreign currency hedging, our hedging activities are limited in scope and may not effectively offset the adverse financial impacts that may
result from unfavorable movements in foreign currency exchange rates, which could adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations.
Our debt service obligations, lease commitments and other contractual obligations may adversely af ect our financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows.
As of January 31, 2025, we had a substantial level of outstanding debt, including our Senior Notes. We are also party to the Revolving Loan Credit Agreement,
which provides for our $5.0 billion Credit Facility. Although there were no outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility as of January 31, 2025, we may use the
proceeds of future borrowings under the Credit Facility for general corporate purposes.
In addition to the outstanding and potential debt obligations above, we have also recorded substantial liabilities associated with noncancellable future payments
on our long-term lease agreements. We also have significant other contractual commitments, including leases that have not yet commenced and commitments with
infrastructure service providers, which are not reflected on our consolidated balance sheets.
Maintenance of our indebtedness and contractual commitments and any additional issuances of indebtedness could:
• impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, general corporate or other purposes;
• cause us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations toward debt service obligations and principal repayments; and
• make us more vulnerable to downturns in our business, our industry or the economy in general.
Our ability to meet our expenses and debt obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic,
regulatory and other factors. We will not be able to control many of these factors, such as economic conditions and governmental regulations. Further, our operations
may not generate sufficient cash to enable us to service our debt or contractual obligations resulting from our leases. If we fail to make a payment on our debt, we
could be in default on such debt. If we are at any time unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to service our indebtedness when payment is due, we
may be required to attempt to renegotiate the terms of the instruments relating to the indebtedness, seek to refinance all or a portion of the indebtedness or obtain
additional financing. There can be no assurance that we would be able to successfully renegotiate such terms, that any such refinancing would be possible or that any
additional financing could be obtained on terms that are favorable or acceptable to us. Any new or refinanced debt may be subject to substantially higher interest
rates, which could adversely affect our financial condition and impact our business.
In addition, adverse changes by any rating agency to our credit ratings may negatively impact our reputation, the value and liquidity of both our debt and equity
securities, as well as the potential costs associated with a refinancing of our debt. Downgrades in our credit ratings could also affect the terms of any such refinancing
or future financing or restrict our ability to obtain additional financing in the future.
The indentures governing our Senior Notes and the Revolving Loan Credit Agreement impose restrictions on us and require us to maintain compliance with
specified covenants. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control. A failure to comply with the covenants and other
provisions of our outstanding debt could result in
27

Table of Contents
events of default under such instruments, which could permit acceleration of all of our debt and borrowings. Any required repayment of our debt as a result of a
fundamental change or other acceleration would lower our current cash on hand such that we would not have those funds available for use in our business.
Lease accounting guidance requires that we record a liability for operating lease activity on our consolidated balance sheet, which increases both our assets and
liabilities and therefore may impact our ability to obtain the necessary financing from financial institutions at commercially viable rates or at all. Our lease terms may
include options to extend or terminate the lease. Periods beyond the noncancellable term of the lease are included in the measurement of the lease liability and
associated asset only when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise the associated extension option or waive the termination option. We reassess the lease term if
and when a significant event or change in circumstances occurs within our control. The potential impact of these options to extend could be material to our financial
position and financial results.
Risks Related to Owning Our Common Stock
Our quarterly results are likely to fluctuate, which may cause the value of our common stock to decline substantially.
Our quarterly results are likely to fluctuate. Fluctuations have occurred due to known and unknown risks, such as the global economic impact of ongoing
conflicts, including the war in Ukraine and the regional conflict in the Middle East, and uncertainty about the interest rate environment. In addition, our fiscal fourth
quarter has historically been our strongest quarter for new business and renewals, and the year-over-year compounding effect of this seasonality in billing patterns
and overall new business and renewal activity causes the value of invoices that we generate in the fourth quarter to continually increase in proportion to our billings
in the other three quarters of our fiscal year. As a result, our fiscal first quarter has typically in the past been our largest collections and operating cash flow quarter.
Additionally, some of the important factors that may cause our revenues, operating results and cash flows to fluctuate from quarter to quarter include:
• general economic or geopolitical conditions, including the impacts of the war in Ukraine and the regional conflict in the Middle East; financial market
conditions; uncertainty regarding the imposition of and changes in trade policies, including trade wars, tariffs or other trade restrictions or the threat of such
actions; and increasing costs of operation;
• our ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers and satisfy our customers’ requirements, including large enterprise
customers;
• the attrition rates for our services;
• the size and productivity of our workforce, as well as the cost to recruit and train new employees;
• the length of the sales cycle for our services;
• new product and service introductions by our competitors;
• changes in unearned revenue and remaining performance obligation;
• our ability to realize benefits from strategic partnerships, acquisitions or investments;
• our ability to execute and realize benefits from restructuring actions and other workforce reductions, or any similar actions taken in the future;
• variations in the revenue mix of our services and growth rates of our subscription and support offerings;
• the seasonality of our sales cycle, as well as timing of contract execution and term software license sales;
• the lack of certainty regarding customer usage and associated costs for consumption-based product offerings;
• changes in and expenses associated with our pricing policies and terms of contracts;
• the seasonality of our customers’ businesses, especially our Commerce service offering customers;
• fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates;
• the amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures related to the operations and expansion of our business;
• the timing of commission, bonus and other compensation payments to employees;
• the cost, timing and management effort required for the introduction of new features to our services;
• the costs associated with acquiring and integrating new businesses and technologies;
• expenses related to our real estate or changes in the nature or extent of our use of existing real estate, including our office leases and our data center capacity
and expansion;
• timing of additional investments in our enterprise cloud computing application and platform services and in our consulting services;
• expenses related to significant, unusual or discrete events, which are recorded in the period in which the events occur, including litigation or other disputerelated settlement payments;
28

Table of Contents
• income tax effects resulting from, but not limited to, tax law changes, court decisions on tax matters, global tax developments applicable to multinational
corporations, changes in operations or business structures and acquisition activity;
• the timing of stock awards to employees and payroll and other withholding tax expenses;
• technical difficulties or service interruptions;
• changes in interest rates and our mix of investments, which impact the return on our investments in cash and marketable securities;
• changes in the fair value of our strategic investments, including changes due to impairments, particularly in periods of significant market fluctuations;
• equity or debt issuances, including as consideration in or in conjunction with acquisitions;
• evolving regulations of cloud computing, AI and cross-border data transfer restrictions and similar regulations; and
• regulatory compliance and acquisition costs.
Many of these factors are outside of our control, and the occurrence of one or more of them might negatively and materially impact our operating results. If we
fail to meet or exceed operating results expectations or if securities analysts and investors have estimates and forecasts of our future performance that are unrealistic
or that we do not meet, the market price of our common stock could decline. In addition, if one or more of the securities analysts who cover us adversely change their
recommendations regarding our stock, the market price of our common stock could decline.
The market price of our common stock is likely to be volatile and could subject us to litigation.
The trading prices of the securities of technology companies have historically been highly volatile. Accordingly, the market price of our common stock has
been and is likely to continue to be subject to wide fluctuations. Factors affecting the market price of our common stock include:
• variations in our financial results and how those results compare to analyst expectations;
• variations in, and limitations of, the various financial and other metrics and modeling used by analysts in their research and reports about our business;
• forward-looking guidance to industry and financial analysts related to future operating results, the accuracy of which may be impacted by various factors,
many of which are beyond our control;
• our ability to meet or exceed forward-looking guidance we have given or to meet or exceed the expectations of investors, analysts or others; our ability to
give forward-looking guidance consistent with past practices;
• changes to previous guidance or long-range targets, in the estimates of our operating results or in recommendations by securities analysts that elect to follow
our common stock;
• announcements or rumors of technological innovations, new services or service enhancements, strategic alliances, mergers or other strategic acquisitions or
significant agreements by us or within our industry;
• announcements of customer additions and customer cancellations or delays in customer purchases;
• the coverage of our common stock by the financial media;
• recruitment or departure of key personnel;
• disruptions in our service due to computer hardware, software, network or data center problems;
• the economy as a whole, geopolitical conditions, including global trade and health concerns, market conditions in our industry and the industries of our
customers, and financial institution instability;
• trading activity or positions by a limited number of stockholders who together beneficially own a significant portion of our outstanding common stock, as
well as other institutional or activist investors;
• our ability to execute on our Share Repurchase Program as planned, including whether we meet internal or external expectations around the timing or price
of share repurchases, and any changes to the program;
• issuance of equity, debt or other convertible securities;
• any increase to or reduction, suspension or elimination of dividend payments;
• the inability to conclude that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective;
• changes to our credit ratings; and
• issues impacting our reputation.
In addition, if the market for technology stocks or the greater securities market in general experience uneven investor confidence, the market price of our
common stock has and could in the future decline for reasons unrelated to us, including as a reaction to events that affect other companies within, or outside, our
industry. Some companies that have experienced volatility
29

Table of Contents
in the trading price of their stock have been the subject of securities class action litigation, such as the securities litigation against Slack that was brought before our
acquisition. Such litigation, whether against us or an acquired subsidiary, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management’s attention and resources
and any liability resulting from or the settlement of such litigation could result in material adverse impacts to our operating cash flows or results of operations for a
given period.
Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control
of the Company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the market price of our common stock.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could depress the market price of our common stock by acting to
discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of the Company or changes in our management that the stockholders of the Company may deem advantageous.
These provisions among other things:
• permit the Board to establish the number of directors;
• authorize the issuance of “blank check” preferred stock that our board could use to implement a stockholder rights plan (also known as a “poison pill”);
• prohibit stockholder action by written consent, which requires all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders;
• provide that the Board is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal our bylaws; and
• establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at annual
stockholder meetings.
In addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company. Section 203 imposes
certain restrictions on merger, business combinations and other transactions between us and holders of 15 percent or more of our common stock.
There can be no assurance that we will continue to declare cash dividends in any particular amounts, or at all.
Whether we continue to pay cash dividends, as well as the rate at which we pay cash dividends, in the future is subject to continued capital availability, general
economic and market conditions, applicable laws and agreements and our Board continuing to determine that the declaration of dividends is in the best interests of
the Company and its stockholders. The declaration and payment of any dividend may be discontinued at any time and dividend amounts may be reduced at any time.
A discontinuation of or reduction in our dividend payments could have a negative effect on our stock price.
General Risks
Volatile and significantly weakened global economic conditions have in the past and may in the future adversely af ect our industry, business and results of
operations.
Our overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic and geopolitical conditions. The United States and other key international economies have
experienced significant economic and market downturns in the past, and are likely to experience additional cyclical downturns from time to time in which economic
activity is impacted by falling demand for a variety of goods and services, restricted credit, poor liquidity, reduced corporate profitability, volatility in credit, equity
and foreign exchange markets, inflation, bankruptcies and overall uncertainty with respect to the economy. These economic conditions can arise suddenly and the full
impact of such conditions can be difficult to predict. In addition, geopolitical and domestic political developments, such as uncertainty regarding changes in trade
policy and other events beyond our control, such as war in Ukraine and the regional conflict in the Middle East, have increased and may continue to increase levels
of political and economic unpredictability globally and the volatility of global financial markets. Moreover, these conditions have affected and may continue to affect
the rate of IT spending; could adversely affect our customers’ ability or willingness to attend our events or to purchase our enterprise cloud computing services; have
delayed and may delay customer purchasing decisions; and have reduced and may in the future reduce the value and duration of customer subscription contracts or
cause our customers to seek to modify their existing subscription contracts. All of these risks and conditions could materially adversely affect our future sales,
attrition rates and operating results.
Geopolitical crises, natural disasters and other events beyond our control have in the past and may in the future materially adversely af ect us.
Geopolitical crises, natural disasters or other catastrophic events have in the past and may in the future cause damage or disruption to our people, operations,
international commerce and the global economy, and thus could have a strong negative effect on us. Our business operations, the business operations of third-party
providers or suppliers that we rely on to conduct our business and the business operations of our customers are subject to interruption by geopolitical crises, natural
disasters, fire, power or water shutoffs or shortages, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks, acts of violence, political and/or civil unrest, acts of war or other
military actions, actual or threatened public health emergencies and other events beyond our control.
30

Table of Contents
For example, the occurrence of regional conflicts, epidemics or a global pandemic have in the past and may in the future materially affect how we and our customers
operate our businesses, as well as our operating results and cash flows. Although we maintain crisis management and disaster response plans, such events could make
it difficult or impossible for us to deliver our services to our customers, and could decrease demand for our services. Our corporate headquarters, and a significant
portion of our personnel, research and development activities and other critical business operations, are located near major seismic faults in the San Francisco Bay
Area. Because we do not carry earthquake insurance for direct earthquake-related losses and significant recovery time could be required to resume operations, our
financial condition and operating results could be materially and adversely affected in the event of a major earthquake or catastrophic event, and the adverse effects
of any such catastrophic event would be exacerbated if experienced at the same time as another unexpected and adverse event.
Climate change may have an impact on our business.
While we seek to mitigate our business risks associated with climate change by establishing appropriate environmental programs and partnering with
organizations who are also focused on mitigating their own climate-related risks, there are inherent climate-related risks where our business is conducted. Any of our
primary locations may be vulnerable to the adverse effects of climate change. For example, our offices globally have historically experienced, and are projected to
continue to experience, climate-related events at an increasing frequency, including drought, water scarcity, heat waves, cold waves, flooding, wildfires and resultant
air quality impacts and power shutoffs associated with climate-related events. These events in turn have impacts on inflation risks, the cost and availability of
insurance, food security, water security (including for water availability for data center cooling), energy security and on our employees’ health, productivity and wellbeing. Furthermore, it is more difficult to mitigate the impact of these events on our employees working remotely or at client sites. Changing market dynamics,
global policy developments and the increasing frequency and impact of extreme weather events on critical infrastructure in the United States and elsewhere have the
potential to disrupt our business, the business of companies we invest in, the business of third-party providers or suppliers that we rely on to conduct our business
and the business of our customers, and may cause us to experience higher attrition, losses and additional costs to maintain or resume operations. In particular,
climate-related events, energy market volatility, and power grid disruptions may increase the operational costs related to inputs across our value chain, including for
data centers. Perceived associations with data centers’ growing energy demand or data center/AI-related changes to existing environmental pledges in certain
jurisdictions may also result in increased targeting of our sites and operations by activists. Additionally, failure to uphold, meet or make timely forward progress
against our public commitments and goals related to climate action could adversely impact the resilience of our business to the impacts of climate-related events.
31

Table of Contents
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
None.
ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY
As a global leader in CRM technology, our services involve the storage and transmission of our customers’ and our customers’ customers’ data. As such, we
have in the past been, and likely will in the future be, the target of cybersecurity threats and other efforts to breach or compromise our services and underlying
infrastructure. With trust as our foremost value and the foundation of everything we do, we recognize the importance of maintaining the safety and security of our
systems and data.
Management is responsible for the day-to-day administration of the Company’s cybersecurity policies, processes, practices and risk management. The Board,
including through its dedicated Cybersecurity and Privacy committee (the “Committee”), oversees the various cybersecurity risks facing the Company and the
Company’s efforts to mitigate those risks.
During the last fiscal year, we did not identify any risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, that materially
affected the Company, including its business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. However, we face ongoing and increasing cybersecurity risks,
including from bad actors that are becoming more sophisticated and effective over time, as well as a result of potential defects or disruptions in our or our customers’
services. If realized, these risks are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company. Additional information on the cybersecurity risks we face is discussed in Part
I, Items 1A-C, “Risk Factors.”
Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy
When a company purchases our service offerings, they gain a trusted digital advisor who will work together with them in their efforts to protect their data. We
aim to provide a secure and compliant enterprise cloud platform and we work to build trust and in-depth defense into all of our systems. Among other things, we
employ an experienced team of cybersecurity professionals, engage in community events and offer free online cybersecurity incident prevention training to help
enable our customers to focus on their business, knowing their data is safe and accessible as needed.
We seek to address material cybersecurity risks through a company-wide approach that assesses, ranks and prioritizes cybersecurity threats, vulnerabilities and
issues as they are identified to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our information systems and the information that we collect and store. The
Company’s cybersecurity policies, standards, processes and practices are informed by recognized frameworks established by the National Institute of Standards and
Technology, the International Organization for Standardization and an array of other applicable standards-setting bodies, which are integrated into a broader risk
management framework and related processes. We also hold various security-related industry certifications and attestations that have been validated by external
auditors, including SOC 1, SOC 2, SOC 3, ISO 27001, 27017 and 27018, CSA STAR and others.
Leveraging threat intelligence and other signals, the Company undergoes periodic testing, audits and reviews of its policies, standards, processes and practices
to identify, assess and address cybersecurity risks and events. The Company also undergoes routine internal and external penetration testing. The results of such tests
and assessments are evaluated by management and periodically reported to the Committee. The Company further adjusts its cybersecurity policies, standards,
processes and practices based on these results and evolving industry practices. The Company also publishes attestations of its various certifications, audits, and
penetration tests on its global compliance webpage.
Board Oversight and Governance
As mentioned above, the Board established the Committee to provide dedicated oversight of cybersecurity-related management, strategy, initiatives, risks,
threats and remediation activities. The Committee receives regular presentations, reports and updates from the Company’s Chief Trust Officer (“CTrO”) and other
members of management on developments regarding the Company’s cybersecurity program, broader cybersecurity trends, evolving industry standards, the threat
environment and other topics. After each quarterly meeting of the Committee, the Board receives a report from the Chair of the Committee with an update on the
Company’s oversight of cybersecurity risks and mitigation efforts. The Committee also receives periodic reports from an experienced outside consultant with
information security expertise providing insights on key focus areas to aid in the Committee’s oversight of the Company’s cybersecurity program.
The Company’s processes also allow for the Board and the Committee to be informed of key cybersecurity risks outside the regular reporting schedule. While
regular meetings of the Committee are scheduled on a quarterly cadence, the Committee is authorized to meet with management or individual directors at any time it
deems appropriate to discuss matters relevant to the Committee. In between meetings, the Board and the Committee receive information regarding relevant
cybersecurity risks
32

Table of Contents
(including cybersecurity incidents) that meet pre-established reporting thresholds, as well as ongoing updates regarding any such risks.
Management Oversight and Governance
The CTrO, reporting to the Company’s Chief Engineering & Customer Success Officer (“C/E”), is responsible for designing and implementing a security
program and strategy based on the mandate provided by the Board and senior management. The CTrO has extensive experience in the management of cybersecurity
risk programs, having served in various leadership roles in information technology and information security for over 15 years, including serving as the Chief Security
Officer of two other large public technology companies. He also holds an undergraduate and master’s degree in computer science. We believe the Company’s
business leaders, including our CEO, CFO, C/E and CLO, who have experience managing cybersecurity risk at the Company and at similar companies, have the
appropriate expertise, background and depth of experience to manage risks arising from cybersecurity threats.
The CTrO, in coordination with other members of senior management, works collaboratively across the Company to implement a program designed to help
protect the Company’s information systems from cybersecurity threats and to promptly respond to cybersecurity incidents in accordance with the Company’s incident
response and recovery plans. To facilitate the success of the Company’s cybersecurity program, cross-functional teams throughout the Company are tasked with
addressing cybersecurity threats and responding to cybersecurity incidents. Through ongoing communications with these teams, the CTrO and senior management
are able to be informed promptly about, and monitor the prevention, detection, investigation, mitigation and remediation of, cybersecurity threats. These teams are
expected to operate pursuant to documented plans and playbooks that include processes for escalation of incidents to leadership and to the Committee and Board, as
appropriate, based on the severity level of a cybersecurity incident. In addition, the Company periodically consults with outside advisors and experts to assist with
assessing, identifying and managing cybersecurity risks, including to anticipate future threats and trends, and their impact on the Company’s risk management
environment.
Specifically, management implements the Company’s cybersecurity and risk management strategy across several areas:
• Identification and Reporting. The Company has implemented a robust, cross-functional approach to identifying, assessing and managing
cybersecurity threats and risks. The Company’s program includes controls and procedures designed to properly identify, classify, and escalate cybersecurity
risks and incidents to provide management with visibility and prioritization of risk mitigation efforts and to publicly report material cybersecurity incidents
when appropriate.
• Threat Intelligence. The Company maintains a Threat Intelligence team focused on profiling, intelligence collection, and threat analysis supporting
the Company’s ongoing efforts to identify, assess and manage cybersecurity threats. The team’s input supports both near-term response to cybersecurity
events, and long-term strategic planning and development of the Company’s cybersecurity risk management framework.
• Technical Safeguards. The Company implements technical safeguards that are designed to protect both the Company’s service offerings and other
information systems we control from cybersecurity threats, including firewalls, intrusion prevention and detection systems, anti-malware functionality,
vulnerability management, encryption processes and access controls, all of which are periodically evaluated and improved through risk and control
assessments and in response to cybersecurity threat intelligence as well as outside audits and certifications.
• Incident Response and Recovery Planning. The Company has established and maintains incident response, business continuity and disaster
recovery plans designed to address the Company’s response to a cybersecurity incident, including the public disclosure and reporting of material incidents in
a timely manner. These plans and procedures serve to guide and document a rigorous incident response program that reflects the roles of an array of
stakeholders, including personnel providing technical, operational, engineering, legal and other perspectives across the Company. The Company conducts
regular tabletop exercises involving multiple operational teams, including senior management, to test these plans and to familiarize personnel with their
roles in a response scenario.
• Third-Party Risk Management. The Company maintains a risk-based approach to identifying and overseeing cybersecurity threats presented by
certain third parties, including vendors, service providers and other external users of the Company’s systems, as well as the systems of third parties that
could adversely impact our business in the event of a significant cybersecurity incident affecting those third-party systems.
• Education and Awareness. The Company regularly provides employee training on security-related duties and responsibilities, including knowledge
about how to recognize cybersecurity incidents and how to proceed if an actual or suspected incident should occur. This training is mandatory for employees
across the Company, and is intended to provide the Company’s employees with effective tools to address cybersecurity threats, and to communicate the
Company’s evolving information security policies, standards, processes and practices. The Company maintains several
33

Table of Contents
plans designed to prepare the Salesforce Security Response Center (SSRC) with the proper training, processes and capabilities needed to effectively respond
to incidents.
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
As of January 31, 2025, our executive and principal offices for sales, marketing, professional services, development and administration consisted of
approximately 0.9 million square feet of leased and owned property in San Francisco. Excluded from this amount is approximately 2.1 million square feet of leased
and owned property in San Francisco that is currently leased to others, or available for lease.
We also lease office space for our operations in various locations throughout the United States as well as office space in a number of countries in Europe, North
America, Asia, South America, Africa and Australia.
We operate data centers in the U.S., Europe and Asia pursuant to various co-location lease arrangements.
We believe that our existing facilities and offices are adequate to meet our current requirements. If we require additional space, we believe that we will be able
to obtain such space on acceptable, commercially reasonable terms.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
We evaluate all claims and lawsuits with respect to their potential merits, our potential defenses and counterclaims, settlement or litigation potential and the
expected effect on us. Our technologies may be subject to an injunction if they are found to infringe the rights of a third party. In addition, many of our subscription
agreements require us to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which could increase the cost to us of an adverse ruling
on such a claim.
The outcome of any claims or litigation, regardless of the merits, is inherently uncertain. Any claims and other lawsuits, and the disposition of such claims and
lawsuits, whether through settlement or litigation, could be time-consuming and expensive to resolve, divert our attention from executing our business plan, result in
efforts to enjoin our activities, lead to attempts by third parties to seek similar claims and, in the case of intellectual property claims, require us to change our
technology, change our business practices, pay monetary damages or enter into short- or long-term royalty or licensing agreements.
For more information regarding legal proceedings see Note 14 “Legal Proceedings and Claims” to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of Part II.
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not applicable.
ITEM 4A. INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
The following sets forth certain information regarding our current executive officers as of February 28, 2025 (in alphabetical order):
Name Age Position
Marc Benioff 60 Chair of the Board, CEO and co-Founder
Parker Harris 58 Director, Chief Technology Officer, Slack and co-Founder
Miguel Milano 56 President and Chief Revenue Officer
Brian Millham 55 President and Chief Operating Officer
Sabastian Niles 45 President and Chief Legal Officer
Sundeep Reddy 52 Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer
David Schmaier 61 President and Chief Product and Impact Officer
Srinivas Tallapragada 55 President and Chief Engineering Officer and Customer Success Officer
Amy Weaver 57 President and Chief Financial Officer
Marc Beniof is Chair of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and co-Founder of Salesforce and a pioneer of cloud computing. Mr. Benioff has served as Chief
Executive Officer since 2001 and under his leadership, Salesforce has become the #1 provider of CRM software globally. Mr. Benioff was named Innovator of the
Decade by Forbes and recognized as one of the World’s 50 Greatest Leaders by Fortune and 10 Best-Performing CEOs by Harvard Business Review. As a member of
the World Economic Forum (WEF) Board of Trustees, Mr. Benioff serves as the inaugural chair of WEF’s Forum Center for the Fourth Industrial Revolution in San
Francisco. Mr. Benioff currently serves as Chair of the Salesforce Foundation. Mr. Benioff
34

Table of Contents
received his B.S. in Business Administration from the University of Southern California, where he also serves on the Board of Trustees.
Parker Harris has served as a Director since August 2018 and as Chief Technology Officer of Slack since January 2024. Mr. Harris co-founded Salesforce in
February 1999 and has served in senior technical positions since inception, including Chief Technology Officer from September 2016 to January 2024 and Executive
Vice President, Technology from December 2004 to February 2013. Prior to Salesforce, Mr. Harris co-founded Left Coast Software, a Java consulting firm, and
served as its Vice President from October 1996 to February 1999. Mr. Harris received his B.A. in English Literature from Middlebury College.
Miguel Milano has served as our President and Chief Revenue Officer since August 2023. Prior to rejoining Salesforce, Mr. Milano served as Co-Owner and
Chief Revenue Officer at Celonis, a German data processing company, from April 2020 to July 2023. Previously, Mr. Milano served in various international sales
leadership roles at Salesforce from 2011 to 2020, including President, International (EMEA, APAC and LACA) from August 2018 to March 2020. Prior to that, Mr.
Milano held various leadership positions at Oracle Corporation, i2 Technologies, Telefónica and McKinsey & Company. Mr. Milano received his B.S. and M.S.E. in
Electrical Engineering from the Polytechnic University of Catalonia and M.B.A. from the Sloan School of Management at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Brian Millham has served as our President and Chief Operating Officer since August 2022. Mr. Millham will transition from these roles to serve as an advisor
to the Company effective March 21, 2025. Mr. Millham has been with Salesforce since its inception in 1999, most recently serving as Chief Customer Success
Officer and Chief Operating Officer, Global Distribution from February 2022 to August 2022. From February 2021 to February 2022, he served as President,
Customer Success Group and Chief Operating Officer, Worldwide Distribution. From August 2018 to February 2021, Mr. Millham served as President, Customer
Success Group. From June 2017 to August 2018, Mr. Millham served as Executive Vice President, Americas Commercial, and B-to-C Sales, Global Strategy.
Previously, Mr. Millham served in various leadership roles in business development, account management and sales. Mr. Millham received his B.A. from the
University of California, Berkeley.
Sabastian Niles has served as our President and Chief Legal Officer since July 2023. He also serves as Salesforce’s Corporate Secretary and oversees
Salesforce’s global legal and corporate affairs organization, including government affairs and the office of global governance, integrity, ethics and compliance. Prior
to joining Salesforce, Mr. Niles was a Partner at Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz, where he practiced law from September 2006 to July 2023. Mr. Niles received his
B.S., B.A. and B.S. in Finance, Economics and Decision & Information Sciences, respectively, from the University of Maryland and J.D. from Harvard Law School.
Sundeep Reddy has served as our Chief Accounting Officer since September 2021. Prior to joining Salesforce, Mr. Reddy served in a variety of corporate
finance leadership roles at McKesson Corporation, a pharmaceutical distribution company, from 2013 to 2021, including Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief
Accounting Officer from July 2018 to September 2021, Senior Vice President, Assistant Controller from June 2017 to July 2018, Senior Vice President, McKesson
Technology Solutions Finance and Accounting from March 2017 to June 2017 and Vice President, Controller of McKesson Technology Solutions from December
2013 to February 2017. Mr. Reddy is a Certified Public Accountant and received his B.B.A. from Georgia State University and M.B.A. from Emory University.
David Schmaier has served as our President and Chief Product & Impact Officer since February 2025. Prior to this, he served as our President and Chief
Product Officer from February 2021 to 2025 and as Chief Executive Officer of Salesforce Industries from June 2020 to February 2021. Mr. Schmaier joined
Salesforce through the acquisition of Vlocity, Inc., an industry-specific cloud software company, where he was co-founder and served as Chief Executive Officer
from March 2014 to June 2020. Previously, Mr. Schmaier served in various leadership roles, including as Chief Operating Officer and Strategic Advisory Board
Member at C3.ai from 2009 to 2014, and as Executive Vice President and Founding Team Executive at Siebel Systems from 1994 to 2006. Mr. Schmaier received his
B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from the Rensselaer Institute and M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.
Srinivas Tallapragada has served as our President and Chief Engineering & Customer Success Officer since February 2025. Prior to this, he served as our
President and Chief Engineering Officer from December 2019 to February 2025, President, Technology from June 2018 to December 2019, Executive Vice
President, Engineering from March 2014 to June 2018 and Senior Vice President, Engineering from May 2012 to February 2014. Prior to Salesforce,
Mr. Tallapragada served as Senior Vice President at Oracle Corporation from April 2011 to June 2012 and as Senior Vice President at SAP Labs from February 2009
to April 2011. Previously, Mr. Tallapragada held various technical management roles at Oracle, Infosys and Asian Paints. Mr. Tallapragada currently serves on the
Board of Directors of GoDaddy Inc. Mr. Tallapragada received his master’s degree from the School of Human Resources at XLRI, Jamshedpur and B.T. in Computer
Science from the National Institute of Technology, Warangal.
Amy Weaver has served as our President and Chief Financial Officer since February 2021. Ms. Weaver will transition from these roles to serve as Special
Advisor to the Chief Executive Officer effective March 21, 2025. Prior to this, she served as our President and Chief Legal Officer from January 2020 to January
2021, President, Legal & Corporate Affairs and General
35

Table of Contents
Counsel from February 2017 to January 2020, Executive Vice President and General Counsel from July 2015 to February 2017 and Senior Vice President and
General Counsel from October 2013 to July 2015. Prior to Salesforce, Ms. Weaver served as Executive Vice President and General Counsel at Univar Inc., a global
chemical distributor, from December 2010 to June 2013 and Senior Vice President and Deputy General Counsel at Expedia, Inc., an online travel services provider,
from July 2005 to December 2010. Previously, Ms. Weaver practiced law at Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP and Perkins Coie LLP. She also served as a clerk on the
U.S. Court of Appeals, Ninth Circuit and as a legislative assistant to a member of the Hong Kong Legislative Council. Ms. Weaver currently serves on the Board of
Directors of McDonald’s Corporation and Habitat for Humanity International. Ms. Weaver received her B.A. in Political Science from Wellesley College and J.D.
from Harvard Law School.
36

Table of Contents
PART II.
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY
SECURITIES
Market Information for Common Stock
Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “CRM.”
Dividend Policy
Prior to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025, we had never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. For the fiscal year ended January 31,
2025 we announced the following dividends (in millions, except dividend per share):
Record Date Payment Date Dividend per Share Amount
March 14, 2024 April 11, 2024 $ 0.40 $ 388
July 9, 2024 July 25, 2024 $ 0.40 $ 388
September 18, 2024 October 8, 2024 $ 0.40 $ 385
December 18, 2024 January 9, 2025 $ 0.40 $ 388
The payment of future cash dividends is subject to future declaration by our Board, which will be based in part on continued capital availability, general
economic and market conditions, applicable laws and agreements and our Board continuing to determine that the declaration of dividends is in the best interests of
the Company and its stockholders.
Stockholders
As of January 31, 2025, there were 369 registered stockholders of record of our common stock, including The Depository Trust Company, which holds shares
of Salesforce common stock on behalf of an indeterminate number of beneficial owners.
Stock Performance Graph
The following shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any of our other filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
The graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock with the cumulative total return on the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index
("S&P 500 Index"), Nasdaq Computer & Data Processing Index ("Nasdaq Computer"), the Nasdaq 100 Index and the Dow Jones Industrial Average for each of the
last five fiscal years ended January 31, 2025, assuming an initial investment of $100. Data for the S&P 500 Index, Nasdaq Computer, Nasdaq 100 Index and Dow
Jones Industrial Average assume reinvestment of dividends.
The comparisons in the graph below are based upon historical data and are not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, future performance of our common
stock.
37

Table of Contents
1/31/2020 1/31/2021 1/31/2022 1/31/2023 1/31/2024 1/31/2025
Salesforce $ 100 $ 124 $ 128 $ 92 $ 154 $ 187
S&P 500 Index 100 115 140 126 150 187
Nasdaq Computer 100 146 183 142 220 289
Nasdaq 100 Index 100 144 166 135 191 239
Dow Jones Industrial Average 100 106 124 121 135 158
Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities
In connection with the Company’s acquisition of Zoomin Software Ltd, on November 1, 2024, the Company issued 116,132 shares of its common stock to
certain former stockholders of Zoomin Software Ltd. that will vest over time. In connection with the Company’s acquisition of Own Company Ltd., on November
18, 2024, the Company issued 43,682 shares of its common stock to certain former stockholders of Own Company Ltd. that will vest over time. These issuances
were made in reliance on one or more of the following exemptions or exclusions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act: Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act, Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act and Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act.
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Share repurchases of the Company’s common stock for the three months ended January 31, 2025 were as follows (in millions, except for average price paid per
share):
Period
Total Number of Shares Purchased
(1)
Average Price Paid Per
Share
Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of
Publicly Announced Program (1)
Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program
November 2024 0 $312.80 0 $10,611
December 2024 0 $347.12 0 $10,590
January 2025 0 $332.25 0 $10,569
Total (2) 0 0
(1) In August 2022, the Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase up to $10.0 billion of the Company’s common stock (the “Share Repurchase
Program”). In February 2023, the Board of Directors authorized an additional $10.0 billion in repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program, for an aggregate
total authorized of $20.0 billion. In February
38

Table of Contents
2024, the Board of Directors authorized an additional $10.0 billion in repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program, for an aggregate total authorized of $30.0
billion. The Share Repurchase Program does not have a fixed expiration date and does not obligate the Company to acquire any specific number of shares. Under the
Share Repurchase Program, shares of common stock may be repurchased using a variety of methods, including privately negotiated and/or open market transactions,
including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, as part of accelerated share repurchases and other methods. The timing, manner, price
and amount of any repurchases are determined by the Company in its discretion and depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic
and market conditions. All repurchases disclosed in the table were made pursuant to the publicly announced Share Repurchase Program.
(2) The Company repurchased less than 1 million shares under the Share Repurchase Agreement in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025 for approximately $73 million.
ITEM 6. RESERVED
39

Table of Contents
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The following discussion contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, our expectations and statements regarding our outlook and future
revenues, expenses, results of operations, liquidity, plans, strategies and management objectives and any assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Our actual
results may differ significantly from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements and factors that might cause future actual
results to differ materially from our recent results or those projected in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section
titled “Forward-Looking Information” and “Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update the
forward-looking statements or our risk factors for any reason.
The following section generally discusses fiscal 2025 and 2024 items and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal 2025 and 2024, as well as certain fiscal
2023 items. Discussions of fiscal 2023 items and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal 2024 and 2023 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended January 31, 2024.
Overview
Salesforce is a global leader in customer relationship management (“CRM”) technology, enabling companies of every size and industry to connect with their
customers through the power of data, artificial intelligence (“AI”), CRM and trust. Founded in 1999, we bring humans together with AI agents to drive customer
success on one deeply unified platform.
Our platform unites sales, service, marketing, commerce and IT teams by connecting customer data across systems, apps and devices to create a complete view
of customers. With this single source of customer truth and integrated AI, teams can be more responsive, productive and efficient, deliver intelligent, personalized
experiences across every channel and increase productivity. During the third quarter of fiscal 2025, we introduced Agentforce, a new layer of our trusted platform
that enables companies to build and deploy AI agents that can respond to inputs, make decisions and take action autonomously across business functions. Agentforce
includes a suite of customizable agents for use across sales, service, marketing and commerce. We continue to invest for growth, including investing in generative
and agentic AI across all products, which we believe will change how our customers help their customers, and continuously look to expand our leadership role in the
cloud computing industry.
We continue to focus on several key growth levers, including driving multiple service offering adoption, increasing our penetration with enterprise and
international customers and expanding our industry-specific reach with more vertical software solutions. These growth levers often require a more sophisticated goto-market approach and, as a result, we may incur additional costs upfront to obtain new customers and expand our relationships with existing customers, including
additional sales and marketing expenses specific to subscription and support revenue. As a result, we have seen that customers with many of these characteristics
drive higher annual revenues and have lower attrition rates than our company average.
In addition to our focus on top line growth levers, we are also focused on reducing our operating expenses to improve our operating margin. For example, in
January 2023, we announced a restructuring plan intended to reduce operating costs, improve operating margins and continue advancing our ongoing commitment to
profitable growth which included a reduction of our workforce by approximately ten percent and office space reductions within certain markets. The employee
actions were substantially completed in fiscal 2024 and the real estate actions are expected to be fully complete in fiscal 2026. In addition, we continued to evaluate
and operationalize future programs to drive further operational efficiencies, optimize our management structure and increase cost optimization efforts to realize longterm sustainable growth, including targeted workforce and office space reductions that were initiated in fiscal 2025 and are expected to be substantially complete in
fiscal 2026. We have started to see improvements in our operating expenses across all operating categories, with the most opportunity in sales and marketing expense
and general and administrative expenses. Over the long term, we expect to see additional operating expense improvements, which could include various restructuring
initiatives or measured hiring initiatives to drive operational efficiencies.
Highlights from Fiscal 2025
• Revenue: For fiscal 2025, revenue was $37.9 billion, an increase of nine percent year-over-year.
• Income from Operations: For fiscal 2025, income from operations was $7.2 billion as compared to $5.0 billion from a year ago. Operating margin, which
represents income from operations as a percentage of total revenue, increased to approximately 19 percent for fiscal 2025 compared to approximately 14
percent in the prior year.
• Net Income per Share: For fiscal 2025, diluted net income per share was $6.36 as compared to diluted net income per share of $4.20 from a year ago.
40

Table of Contents
• Cash: Cash provided by operations for fiscal 2025 was $13.1 billion, an increase of 28 percent year-over-year. Total cash, cash equivalents and marketable
securities as of January 31, 2025 was $14.0 billion.
• Remaining Performance Obligation: Total remaining performance obligation, which represents all future revenue under contract yet to be recognized, as
of January 31, 2025 was approximately $63.4 billion, an increase of 11 percent year-over-year. Current remaining performance obligation as of January 31,
2025 was approximately $30.2 billion, an increase of nine percent year-over-year.
• Share Repurchase Program: During the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025, we repurchased approximately 30 million shares of our common stock for
approximately $7.8 billion.
• Dividend Program: During the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025, we paid approximately $1.5 billion in dividends.
In the second half of fiscal 2025, we continued seeing increasing momentum for Agentforce and other AI service offerings. Outside of the demand for AI, the
buying environment trends seen over the past two fiscal years have stabilized. A reemergence of slower growth in new and renewal business could impact our
remaining performance obligation, revenues and our ability to meet financial guidance and long-term targets.
In addition, the expanding global scope of our business and the heightened volatility of global markets expose us to the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency
markets. Total revenues in the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025 were minimally impacted by foreign currency fluctuations compared to the fiscal year ended
January 31, 2024. Our current remaining performance obligation growth as of January 31, 2025 compared to January 31, 2024 was negatively impacted by two
percent compared to what would have been reported using constant currency rates. The impact of foreign currency fluctuations could impact our near-term results
and ability to accurately predict our future results and earnings. The impact of these fluctuations can also be compounded by the seasonality of our business in which
our fourth quarter has historically been our strongest quarter for new business and renewals.
Fiscal Year
Our fiscal year ends on January 31. References to fiscal 2025, for example, refer to the fiscal year ending January 31, 2025.
Operating Segments
We operate as one segment. See Note 1 “Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies” to the consolidated financial statements for further
discussion.
Sources of Revenues
We derive our revenues from two sources: (1) subscription and support revenues and (2) professional services and other revenues. Subscription and support
revenues accounted for approximately 94 percent of our total revenues for fiscal 2025.
Subscription and support revenues include subscription fees from customers accessing our enterprise cloud computing services (collectively, “Cloud Services”),
software license revenues from the sales of term software licenses, and support revenues from the sale of support and updates beyond the basic subscription fees or
related to the sales of software licenses. Our Cloud Services allow customers to use our multi-tenant software without taking possession of the software. Revenue is
generally recognized ratably over the contract term. Subscription and support revenues also include revenues associated with term software licenses that provide the
customer with a right to use the software as it exists when made available. Revenues from term software licenses are generally recognized at the point in time when
the software is made available to the customer. Revenue from support and updates is recognized as such support and updates are provided, which is generally ratably
over the contract term. Changes in contract duration for multi-year term software licenses can impact the amount of revenues recognized upfront. Revenues from
term software licenses represent less than ten percent of total subscription and support revenue for fiscal 2025.
The revenue growth rates of each of our service offerings, as described below in “Results of Operations,” fluctuate from quarter to quarter and over time.
Additionally, we manage the total balanced product portfolio to deliver solutions to our customers and, as a result, the revenue result for each offering is not
necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any subsequent quarter. In addition, some of our Cloud Service offerings have similar features and functions.
For example, customers may use our Sales, Service or Platform service offerings to record account and contact information, which are similar features across these
service offerings. Depending on a customer’s actual and projected business requirements, more than one service offering may satisfy the customer’s current and
future needs. We record revenue based on the individual products ordered by a customer, not according to the customer’s business requirements and usage.
Our growth in revenues is also impacted by attrition. Attrition represents the reduction or loss of the annualized value of our contracts with customers. We
calculate our attrition rate at a point in time on a trailing twelve-month basis as of the end of each month. In general, we exclude service offerings from acquisitions
from our attrition calculation until they are fully
41

Table of Contents
integrated into our customer success organization. As of January 31, 2025, our attrition rate, excluding Slack self-service, was approximately eight percent.
We continue to maintain a variety of customer programs and initiatives, which, along with increasing enterprise adoption, have helped keep our attrition rate
consistent as compared to the prior year. Consistent attrition rates play a role in our ability to maintain growth in our subscription and support revenues.
Seasonal Nature of Unearned Revenue, Accounts Receivable and Operating Cash Flow
Unearned revenue primarily consists of billings to customers for our subscription service. Over 90 percent of the value of our billings to customers is for our
subscription and support service. We generally invoice our customers in advance, in annual installments, and typical payment terms provide that our customers pay
us within 30 days of invoice. Amounts that have been invoiced are recorded in accounts receivable and in unearned revenue or in revenue depending on whether
transfer of control to customers has occurred. In general, we collect our billings in advance of the subscription service period. We typically issue renewal invoices in
advance of the renewal service period, and depending on timing, the initial invoice for the subscription and services contract and the subsequent renewal invoice may
occur in different quarters. There is a disproportionate weighting toward annual billings in the fourth quarter, primarily as a result of large enterprise account buying
patterns. Our fourth quarter has historically been our strongest quarter for new business and renewals. The year-on-year compounding effect of this seasonality in
both billing patterns and overall new and renewal business causes the value of invoices that we generate in the fourth quarter for both new business and renewals to
increase as a proportion of our total annual billings. Accordingly, because of this billing activity, our first quarter is typically our largest collections and operating
cash flow quarter. Generally, our third quarter has historically been our smallest operating cash flow quarter. Unearned revenues, accounts receivable and operating
cash flow may also be impacted by acquisitions. For example, operating cash flows may be adversely impacted by acquisitions due to transaction costs, financing
costs such as interest expense and lower operating cash flows from the acquired entity.
Remaining Performance Obligation
Our remaining performance obligation represents all future revenue under contract that has not yet been recognized as revenue and includes unearned revenue
and unbilled amounts. Our current remaining performance obligation represents future revenue under contract that is expected to be recognized as revenue in the next
12 months.
Remaining performance obligation is not necessarily indicative of future revenue growth and is influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the timing
of renewals, average contract terms, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in new business growth. Remaining performance obligation is also impacted by
acquisitions. Unbilled portions of the remaining performance obligation denominated in foreign currencies are revalued each period based on the period end
exchange rates. For multi-year subscription agreements billed annually, the associated unbilled balance and corresponding remaining performance obligation are
typically high at the beginning of the contract period, zero just prior to renewal, and increase if the agreement is renewed. Low remaining performance obligation
attributable to a particular subscription agreement is often associated with an impending renewal but may not be an indicator of the likelihood of renewal or future
revenue from such customer. Changes in contract duration or the timing of delivery of professional services can impact remaining performance obligation as well as
the allocation between current and non-current remaining performance obligation.
Cost of Revenues and Operating Expenses
Cost of Revenues
Cost of subscription and support revenues primarily consists of expenses related to our employee-related costs, which includes salaries, benefits and stockbased compensation expense, delivering our service and providing support, including the costs of data center capacity, certain fees paid to various third parties for the
use of their technology, services and data, and allocated overhead. Our cost of subscription and support revenues also includes amortization of certain acquisitionrelated intangible assets, such as the amortization of the cost associated with an acquired company’s research and development efforts. Also included in the cost of
subscription and support revenues are expenses incurred supporting the free user base of Slack, including third-party hosting costs and employee-related costs
specific to customer experience and technical operations.
Cost of professional services and other revenues consists primarily of employee-related costs associated with these services, the cost of subcontractors, certain
third-party fees and allocated overhead. We believe that our professional services organization facilitates the adoption of our service offerings, helps us to secure
larger subscription revenue contracts and supports our customers’success. The cost of professional services may exceed revenues from professional services in future
fiscal periods.
Research and Development
Research and development expenses consist primarily of employee-related costs for our engineering staff associated with product development, as well as
allocated overhead.
42

Table of Contents
Sales and Marketing
Sales and marketing expenses make up the majority of our operating expenses and consist primarily of employee-related costs and commissions for our sales
and marketing staff, as well as payments to partners, marketing programs and allocated overhead. Marketing programs consist of advertising, events, corporate
communications, brand building and product marketing activities. We capitalize certain costs to obtain customer contracts, such as commissions, and amortize these
costs on a straight-line basis. As such, the timing of expense recognition for these commissions is not consistent with the timing of the associated cash payment.
Our sales and marketing expenses include amortization of certain acquisition-related intangible assets, such as the amortization of the cost associated with an
acquired company’s trade names, customer lists and customer relationships.
General and Administrative
General and administrative expenses consist primarily of employee-related costs for finance and accounting, legal, internal audit, human resources and
management information systems personnel, as well as professional services fees and allocated overhead.
We allocate overhead such as information technology infrastructure, rent, occupancy charges and certain employee benefits based on headcount. As such, these
types of expenses are reflected in each cost of revenue and operating expense category.
Restructuring
Restructuring consists of charges related to employee transition, severance payments, employee benefits and stock-based compensation as well as exit charges
associated with office space reductions. Restructuring excludes allocated overhead.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these
consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses
and related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions.
We believe that of our significant accounting policies, which are described in Note 1 “Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies” to our
consolidated financial statements, the following accounting policies and specific estimates involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity.
Revenue Recognition - Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations. We enter into contracts with our customers that may include promises to transfer
multiple Cloud Services, software licenses, premium support and professional services. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract with a customer to
transfer products or services that are distinct. Determining whether products and services are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately
or combined as one unit of accounting may require significant judgment.
Cloud Services and software licenses are distinct as such offerings are often sold separately. In determining whether professional services are distinct, we
consider the following factors for each professional services agreement: availability of the services from other vendors, the nature of the professional services, the
timing of when the professional services contract was signed in comparison to the subscription start date and the contractual dependence of the service on the
customer’s satisfaction with the professional services work. To date, we have generally concluded that professional services included in contracts with multiple
performance obligations are distinct.
We allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price ("SSP") basis. The SSP is the price at which we would
sell a promised product or service separately to a customer. Judgment is required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation. We determine SSP
by considering our overall pricing objectives and market conditions. Significant pricing practices taken into consideration include our discounting practices, the size
and volume of our transactions, the customer demographic, the geographic area where services are sold, price lists, our go-to-market strategy and historical and
current sales and contract prices. In instances where we do not sell or price a product or service separately, we maximize the use of observable inputs by using
information that may include market conditions. As our go-to-market strategies evolve, we may modify our pricing practices in the future, which could result in
changes to SSP.
In certain cases, we are able to establish SSP based on observable prices of products or services sold separately in comparable circumstances to similar
customers. We use a single amount to estimate SSP when it has observable prices. If SSP is not directly observable, for example when pricing is highly variable, we
use a range of SSP. We determine the SSP range using information that may include pricing practices or other observable inputs. We typically have more than one
SSP for individual products and services due to the stratification of those products and services by customer size and geography.
43

Table of Contents
Business Combinations. Accounting for business combinations requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially at the acquisition date
with respect to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed and pre-acquisition contingencies. We use our best estimates and assumptions to
accurately assign fair value to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date as well as the useful lives of those acquired
intangible assets.
Critical estimates in valuing certain of the intangible assets and goodwill we have acquired are:
• future expected cash flows from subscription and support contracts, professional services contracts, other customer contracts and acquired developed
technologies and patents;
• historical and expected customer attrition rates and anticipated growth in revenue from acquired customers;
• assumptions about the period of time the acquired trade name will continue to be used in our offerings;
• discount rates;
• uncertain tax positions and tax-related valuation allowances assumed;
• fair value of assumed equity awards; and
• fair value of pre-existing relationships.
Unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that may affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates or actual results.
Income Taxes. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts that are more likely than not expected to be
realized based on the weighting of positive and negative evidence. Future realization of deferred tax assets ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable
income of the appropriate character, for example, ordinary income or capital gains, within the carryback or carryforward periods available under the applicable tax
law. We regularly review the deferred tax assets for recoverability based on historical taxable income, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the
reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. Our judgment regarding future profitability may change due to many factors, including future
market conditions and the ability to successfully execute our business plans and tax planning strategies. Should there be a change in the ability to recover deferred
tax assets, our income tax provision would increase or decrease in the period in which the assessment is changed.
Our tax positions are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. We recognize the tax benefit of an uncertain tax position
only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable upon examination by the taxing authority, based on the technical merits. The tax benefit recognized is
measured as the largest amount of benefit which is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the taxing authority. We recognize interest
accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in our income tax provision.
Strategic Investments. Accounting for strategic investments in privately held debt and equity securities in which we do not have a controlling interest or
significant influence requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions. Valuations of privately held securities are inherently complex and require judgment
due to the lack of readily available market data. Privately held debt and equity securities are valued using significant unobservable inputs or data in an inactive
market and these valuations require our judgment due to the absence of market prices and inherent lack of liquidity. The carrying values of our privately held equity
securities are adjusted if there are observable price changes in a same or similar security from the same issuer or if there are identified events or changes in
circumstances that may indicate impairment, as discussed below. In determining the estimated fair value for these investments, we utilize the most recent data
available and apply valuation methods, including the market approach and option pricing models (“OPM”), adjusted to reflect the specific rights and preferences of
the classes of securities we hold. Such information available to us from investee companies is supplemented with estimates such as volatility and expected time to
liquidity.
We assess the privately held debt and equity securities in our strategic investment portfolio for impairment quarterly. Our impairment analysis encompasses an
assessment of both qualitative and quantitative analyses of key factors including the investee’s financial metrics, market acceptance of the product or technology, and
the rate at which the investee is using its cash. Depending on our contractual rights as an investor, investee specific information available to us to make this
assessment may be limited or may be available on a delayed basis. If the investment is considered to be impaired, we record the investment at fair value by
recognizing an impairment through the consolidated statements of operations and establishing a new carrying value for the investment.
Results of Operations
44

Table of Contents
The following tables set forth selected data for each of the periods indicated (in millions):
4 Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025
% of Total
Revenues 2024
% of Total
Revenues 2023
% of Total
Revenues
Revenues:
Subscription and support $ 35,679 94 % $ 32,537 93 % $ 29,021 93 %
Professional services and other 2,216 6 2,320 7 2,331 7
Total revenues 37,895 100 34,857 100 31,352 100
Cost of revenues (1)(2):
Subscription and support 6,198 16 6,177 18 5,821 19
Professional services and other 2,445 7 2,364 7 2,539 8
Total cost of revenues 8,643 23 8,541 25 8,360 27
Gross profit 29,252 77 26,316 75 22,992 73
Operating expenses (1)(2):
Research and development 5,493 15 4,906 14 5,055 16
Sales and marketing 13,257 35 12,877 37 13,526 43
General and administrative 2,836 7 2,534 7 2,553 8
Restructuring 461 1 988 3 828 3
Total operating expenses 22,047 58 21,305 61 21,962 70
Income from operations 7,205 19 5,011 14 1,030 3
Losses on strategic investments, net (121) 0 (277) (1) (239) (1)
Other income (expense) 354 1 216 1 (131) 0
Income before provision for income taxes 7,438 20 4,950 14 660 2
Provision for income taxes (1,241) (4) (814) (2) (452) (1)
Net income $ 6,197 16 % $ 4,136 12 % $ 208 1 %
(1) Amounts related to amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations, as follows (in millions):
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025
% of Total
Revenues 2024
% of Total
Revenues 2023
% of Total
Revenues
Cost of revenues $ 750 2 % $ 978 3 % $ 1,035 3 %
Sales and marketing 901 2 891 2 916 3
(2) Amounts related to stock-based compensation expense, as follows (in millions):
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025
% of Total
Revenues 2024
% of Total
Revenues 2023
% of Total
Revenues
Cost of revenues $ 518 1 % $ 431 1 % $ 499 2 %
Research and development 1,091 3 972 3 1,136 3
Sales and marketing 1,205 3 1,062 3 1,256 4
General and administrative 367 1 299 1 368 1
Restructuring 2 0 23 0 20 0
45

Table of Contents
The following table sets forth selected balance sheet data and other metrics for each of the periods indicated (in millions, except remaining performance
obligation, which is presented in billions):
As of
January 31, 2025 January 31, 2024
Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities $ 14,032 $ 14,194
Unearned revenue 20,743 19,003
Remaining performance obligation 63.4 56.9
Principal due on our outstanding debt obligations (1) 8,500 9,500
(1) Amounts do not include operating or financing lease obligations.
Remaining performance obligation represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which includes unearned revenue and unbilled amounts that
will be recognized as revenue in future periods.
Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2025 and 2024
Revenues
Fiscal Year Ended January 31, Variance
(in millions) 2025 2024 Dollars Percent
Subscription and support $ 35,679 $ 32,537 $ 3,142 10 %
Professional services and other 2,216 2,320 (104) (4)%
Total revenues $ 37,895 $ 34,857 $ 3,038 9 %
The increase in subscription and support revenues for fiscal 2025 was primarily caused by volume-driven increases from new business, which includes new
customers, upgrades and additional subscriptions from existing customers. Pricing was not a significant driver of the increase in revenues for the period. Revenues
from term software licenses, which are recognized at a point in time, represented approximately six percent and seven percent of total subscription and support
revenues for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively. Subscription and support revenues accounted for approximately 94 percent and 93 percent of our total revenues for
fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively.
The decrease in professional services and other revenues for fiscal 2025 was due primarily to less demand for larger, multi-year transformation engagements
and, in some cases, delayed projects. These trends may continue in the near term.
Subscription and Support Revenues by Service Of ering
Subscription and support revenues consisted of the following (in millions):
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025
As a % of Total Subscription
and Support Revenues 2024
As a % of Total Subscription
and Support Revenues Growth Rate
Sales $ 8,322 23 % $ 7,580 23 % 10 %
Service 9,054 25 8,245 25 10
Platform and Other 7,247 21 6,611 21 10
Marketing and Commerce 5,281 15 4,912 15 8
Integration and Analytics 5,775 16 5,189 16 11
Total $ 35,679 100 % $ 32,537 100 % 10 %
Our industry vertical service offerings revenue is included in one of the above service offerings depending on the primary service purchased.
Integration and Analytics subscription and support revenues include revenues from term software licenses, which are recognized at the point in time when the
software is made available to the customer. Therefore, we expect Integration and Analytics to experience greater volatility in revenues period to period compared to
our other service offerings and recent revenue trends may not be indicative of future performance. Additionally, as we transition customers within the Integration and
Analytics offering from term software licenses to subscription based services, revenue associated with such customers will generally be recognized ratably over the
contract term, which we expect may potentially result in less revenue in the period the customer transitions but incremental revenues over the remaining term.
46

Table of Contents
Revenues by Geography
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
(in millions) 2025 As a % of Total Revenues 2024 As a % of Total Revenues Growth Rate
Americas $ 25,143 66 % $ 23,289 67 % 8 %
Europe 8,891 24 8,128 23 9
Asia Pacific 3,861 10 3,440 10 12
Total $ 37,895 100 % $ 34,857 100 % 9 %
Revenues by geography are determined based on the region of the Salesforce contracting entity, which may be different than the region of the customer. The
increase in revenues across all regions was primarily due to the continued execution of our business and growth strategy, including increasing our geographic reach
primarily through extending our go-to-market capabilities globally. Foreign currency did not contribute materially to the year over year fluctuations in revenue.
Cost of Revenues
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
Variance
(in millions) 2025 As a % of Total Revenues 2024 As a % of Total Revenues Dollars
Subscription and support $ 6,198 16 % $ 6,177 18 % $ 21
Professional services and other 2,445 7 % 2,364 7 % 81
Total cost of revenues $ 8,643 23 % $ 8,541 25 % $ 102
For fiscal 2025, the increase in cost of revenues in absolute dollars was primarily due to an increase in employee-related costs, including stock-based
compensation expense, partially offset by a decrease in amortization of purchased intangibles and a decrease in service delivery expenses. Our cost of revenues
headcount increased by seven percent during fiscal 2025, primarily in lower cost regions. Cost of revenues as a percentage of total revenues during fiscal 2025
decreased by two percent from the same period a year ago primarily due to our total revenues growth outpacing our cost of revenues growth.
We intend to continue to invest additional resources in enterprise cloud computing services to allow us to scale with our customers and continue to evolve our
security measures. The timing of these expenses, which also includes the use of AI and agents, may cause our cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues to
fluctuate over time due to changes in demand for our service offerings.
Operating Expenses
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
Variance
(in millions) 2025 As a % of Total Revenues 2024 As a % of Total Revenues Dollars
Research and development $ 5,493 15 % $ 4,906 14 % $ 587
Sales and marketing 13,257 35 12,877 37 380
General and administrative 2,836 7 2,534 7 302
Restructuring 461 1 988 3 (527)
Total operating expenses $ 22,047 58 % $ 21,305 61 % $ 742
For fiscal 2025, the increase in research and development expenses in absolute dollars was primarily due to an increase in employee-related costs, including
stock-based compensation expense. Research and development expenses as a percentage of total revenues during fiscal 2025 increased by one percent from the same
period a year ago primarily due to an increase in relative employee-related costs, including stock-based compensation expense. Our research and development
headcount increased by 13 percent during fiscal 2025, primarily in lower cost regions.
We expect that research and development expenses will likely remain consistent as a percentage of revenue over time as we continue to invest in technology to
support the development of new, and improve existing, technologies, including AI, agents and our Data Cloud service offerings, and the integration of acquired
technologies.
For fiscal 2025, the increase in sales and marketing expenses in absolute dollars was primarily due to an increase in employee-related costs, including stockbased compensation expense. Sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of total revenues during fiscal 2025 decreased by two percent from the same period a
year ago due to a decrease in relative employee-related costs, including stock-based compensation expense and advertising expense. Our sales and marketing
headcount increased by one percent during fiscal 2025, primarily in lower cost regions.
47

Table of Contents
We expect that sales and marketing expenses may decrease as a percentage of revenues over time as we continue to focus on leveraging our self-serve and
partner-led channels and increasing our sales productivity, which includes the use of AI and agents.
For fiscal 2025, the increase in general and administrative expenses in absolute dollars was primarily due to an increase in employee-related costs, including
stock-based compensation expense, and professional services expenses. General and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenues during fiscal 2025 was
consistent with the same period a year ago. Our general and administrative headcount increased by three percent during fiscal 2025.
We expect that general and administrative expenses may decrease as a percentage of revenues over time as we continue to invest in process efficiency
initiatives, which includes the use of AI and agents.
In fiscal 2025, approximately $461 million of costs were incurred related to our restructuring initiatives, which was primarily related to employee transitions,
severance payments and employee benefits. We do not expect to incur significant additional charges in connection with our restructuring initiatives in the near term.
Other Income and Expenses
Fiscal Year Ended January 31, Variance
(in millions) 2025 2024 Dollars
Losses on strategic investments, net $ (121) $ (277) $ 156
Other income 354 216 138
Losses on strategic investments, net consists primarily of mark-to-market adjustments related to our publicly held equity securities, observable price
adjustments related to our privately held equity securities and other adjustments including impairments. Our strategic investment portfolio continues to be affected by
challenging market conditions for companies in which we hold private equity, debt or other investments, as well as high public equity market volatility. In fiscal 2025
these factors resulted in impairments on privately-held equity and debt securities of $582 million, partially offset by $358 million in unrealized gains on privately
held equity securities.
Other income primarily consists of interest income on our marketable securities portfolio, which is partially offset by interest expense on our debt as well as
our finance leases. Other income increased in fiscal 2025 primarily due to an increase in investment income from higher interest rates.
Provision For Income Taxes
Fiscal Year Ended January 31, Variance
(in millions) 2025 2024 Dollars
Provision for income taxes $ (1,241) $ (814) $ (427)
Effective tax rate 17 % 16 %
We recorded a tax provision of $1.2 billion on pretax income of $7.4 billion for fiscal 2025. Our tax provision increased from a year ago primarily due to
higher pretax income. Our effective tax rate may fluctuate due to changes in our domestic and foreign earnings, or material discrete tax items, or a combination of
these factors resulting from transactions or events, including acquisitions, changes to our operating structure and other macroeconomic factors.
Several countries have enacted legislation to implement the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development’s 15% global minimum tax regime
effective January 1, 2024. There was no material impact to our income tax provision for fiscal 2025. We continue to evaluate the impacts of legislation in the
jurisdictions in which we operate. Our effective tax rate and cash tax payment could increase in future years.
Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2024 and 2023
For a discussion of the year ended January 31, 2024 compared to the year ended January 31, 2023, refer to Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2024.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
At January 31, 2025, our principal sources of liquidity were cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaling $14.0 billion and accounts receivable of
$11.9 billion. Our cash equivalents and marketable securities are comprised primarily of corporate notes and obligations, U.S. treasury securities, U.S. agency
obligations, asset-backed securities, foreign government obligations, mortgage-backed obligations, covered bonds, time deposits, money market mutual funds and
municipal securities. Our Revolving Loan Credit Agreement (as defined below), which provides the ability to borrow up to $5.0 billion in unsecured financing (the
“Credit Facility”) as of January 31, 2025, also serves as a source of liquidity.
48

Table of Contents
Net cash provided by operating activities could continue to be affected by various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the risks detailed in Part
I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors.” We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, cash provided by operating activities, unbilled amounts related to
contracted noncancellable subscription agreements, which are not reflected on the balance sheet, and, if necessary, our borrowing capacity under our Credit Facility
will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditure and debt maintenance needs over the next 12 months and thereafter.
In the future, we may enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, technologies and intellectual property rights. To
facilitate these acquisitions or investments, we may seek additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all, impacting
our ability to complete subsequent acquisitions or investments.
Cash Flows
For fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023 our cash flows were as follows (in millions):
4 Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Net cash provided by operating activities $ 13,092 $ 10,234 $ 7,111
Net cash used in investing activities (3,163) (1,327) (1,989)
Net cash used in financing activities (9,429) (7,477) (3,562)
Operating Activities
The net cash provided by operating activities during fiscal 2025 was primarily comprised of net income of $6.2 billion, adjusted for non-cash items, including
$3.5 billion of depreciation and amortization and $3.2 billion of stock-based compensation expense. Net cash provided by operating activities can be significantly
impacted by factors such as growth in new business, timing of cash receipts from customers, vendor payment terms and timing of payments to vendors. Net cash
provided by operating activities during fiscal 2025 was further benefited by the changes in unearned revenue of $1.6 billion and accounts payable and accrued
expenses and other liabilities of $1.1 billion, partially offset by the changes in costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net of $2.1 billion, prepaid expenses and
other current assets and other assets of $1.5 billion and accounts receivable, net of $490 million. As our business continues to grow, and assuming our expenses
remain in line with or less than our revenue growth, we expect to continue to see growth in net cash provided by operating activities.
The net cash provided by operating activities during fiscal 2024 was primarily comprised of net income of $4.1 billion, adjusted for non-cash items, including
$4.0 billion of depreciation and amortization and $2.8 billion of stock-based compensation expense. Net cash provided by operating activities can be significantly
impacted by factors such as growth in new business, timing of cash receipts from customers, vendor payment terms and timing of payments to vendors. Net cash
provided by operating activities during fiscal 2024 was further benefited by the change in unearned revenue of $1.6 billion, partially offset by the changes in
accounts receivable, net of $659 million and the change in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other liabilities of $478 million.
Investing Activities
The net cash used in investing activities during fiscal 2025 was primarily related to net outflows for acquisitions of $2.7 billion, net outflows from strategic
investment activity of $413 million and capital expenditures of $658 million, partially offset by net inflows from marketable securities activity of $642 million.
The net cash used in investing activities during fiscal 2024 was primarily related to capital expenditures of $736 million, net outflows from strategic
investment activity of $388 million, and net outflows related to marketable securities activity of $121 million.
Financing Activities
The net cash used in financing activities during fiscal 2025 was primarily related to $7.8 billion used for repurchases of common stock, $1.5 billion related to
payments of dividends and $1.0 billion related to repayments of debt, partially offset by $1.5 billion from proceeds from equity plans.
Net cash used in financing activities during fiscal 2024 was primarily related to $7.6 billion from repurchases of common stock and $1.2 billion related to
repayments of debt, partially offset by $2.0 billion from proceeds from equity plans.
Debt
As of January 31, 2025, we had senior unsecured debt outstanding, with maturities starting in April 2028 and extending through July 2061 with a total carrying
value of $8.4 billion. We were in compliance with all debt covenants as of January 31, 2025.
49

Table of Contents
In October 2024, we entered into a Credit Agreement with the lenders and issuing lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent
(the “Revolving Loan Credit Agreement”). The Revolving Loan Credit Agreement replaced the Credit Agreement, dated December 23, 2020 (as amended, the “Prior
Credit Agreement”), among us, the lenders and the issuing lenders party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, which provided for a $3.0 billion
unsecured revolving credit facility that was scheduled to mature on December 23, 2025. There were no outstanding borrowings under the Prior Credit Agreement.
The Revolving Loan Credit Agreement provides for a $5.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility (“Credit Facility”) and matures in October 2029. We may
use the proceeds of future borrowings under the Credit Facility for general corporate purposes. There were no outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility as of
January 31, 2025.
We do not have any special purpose entities and we do not engage in off-balance sheet financing arrangements.
Share Repurchase Program
In August 2022, the Board authorized a program to repurchase up to $10.0 billion of our common stock (the “Share Repurchase Program”). The Share
Repurchase Program does not have a fixed expiration date and does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares. In February 2023, the Board authorized
an additional $10.0 billion in repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program. In February 2024, the Board authorized an additional $10.0 billion in repurchases
under the Share Repurchase Program for an aggregate total authorization of $30.0 billion.
We repurchased the following under the Share Repurchase Program (in millions, except average price per share):
2025 2024 2023
Shares
Average price
per share Amount Shares
Average price
per share Amount Shares
Average price
per share Amount
Fiscal year ended January 31 30 $ 260.12 $ 7,757 36 $ 210.30 $ 7,674 28 $ 144.94 $ 4,000
All repurchases were made in open market transactions. As of January 31, 2025, we were authorized to purchase a remaining $10.6 billion of the Company’s
common stock under the Share Repurchase Program. Subsequent to January 31, 2025, we have incurred approximately $535 million through February 28, 2025 for
additional shares under the Share Repurchase Program.
Dividends
We announced the following dividends (in millions, except dividend per share):
Record Date Payment Date Dividend per Share Amount
March 14, 2024 April 11, 2024 $ 0.40 $ 388
July 9, 2024 July 25, 2024 $ 0.40 $ 388
September 18, 2024 October 8, 2024 $ 0.40 $ 385
December 18, 2024 January 9, 2025 $ 0.40 $ 388
The declaration and payment of future cash dividends is subject to our Board continuing to determine that the declaration of dividends is in the best interests of
the Company and our stockholders, after giving consideration to continued capital availability, general economic and market conditions, and applicable laws and
agreements.
Contractual Obligations
Our principal commitments consist of obligations under leases for office space, co-location data center facilities and our development and test data center, as
well as leases for computer equipment, software, furniture and fixtures. As of January 31, 2025, the future noncancellable minimum payments under these
commitments were approximately $4.0 billion, with payments of $1.0 billion due in the next 12 months and $3.0 billion due thereafter. In addition to our leasing
arrangements, we have other contractual commitments associated with agreements that are enforceable and legally binding, including those with infrastructure
service providers. As of January 31, 2025 our total commitments under these agreements were approximately $17.3 billion, of which payments of $2.8 billion are
due in the next 12 months and $14.5 billion are due thereafter. We generally expect to satisfy these commitments with cash on hand and cash provided by operating
activities.
During fiscal 2025 and in future years, we have made, and expect to continue to make, additional investments in our infrastructure to scale our operations to
increase productivity and enhance our security measures. We plan to upgrade or replace various internal systems to scale with our overall growth. While we continue
to make investments in our infrastructure and with infrastructure service providers to provide capacity for the growth of our business, our strategy may continue to
change related to these investments and we may slow the pace of our investments.
50

Table of Contents
Other Future Obligations
As of January 31, 2025, we expect approximately $300 million to $325 million in future cash payments related to our restructuring initiatives, primarily related
to workforce costs such as severance payments. We generally expect to satisfy these commitments with cash on hand and cash provided by operating activities.
Stakeholder Impact
We believe that business is the greatest platform for change. Guided by our values, we work to earn the trust of our stakeholders. Transparency is key to trust,
which is why we have published an annual Stakeholder Impact Report for over ten years to keep our stakeholders informed and to hold ourselves accountable to our
sustainability, impact and equality strategies. Our disclosures in these areas are also informed by topics identified through relevancy assessments and third-party ESG
reporting organizations, frameworks and standards, such as the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (“SASB”) Standards. Read more about these initiatives
and view our Stakeholder Impact Report at https://salesforce.com/stakeholder-impact-report. Website references throughout this document are provided for
convenience only, and the content on the referenced websites is not incorporated by reference into this report.
51

Table of Contents
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
We are exposed to financial market risks, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and equity investment risks. This exposure has
increased due to recent financial market movements and changes to our expectations of near-term possible movements caused by the impact of the macroeconomic
environment as discussed in more detail below.
Foreign Currency Exchange Risk
We primarily conduct our business in the following locations: the United States, Europe, Canada, Latin America, Asia Pacific and Japan. The expanding global
scope of our business exposes us to the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency markets, including emerging markets. This exposure is the result of selling in multiple
currencies, operating in countries where the functional currency is the local currency and growth in our international investments, including data center expansion,
costs associated with third-party infrastructure providers and additional headcount in foreign countries. Specifically, our results of operations and cash flows are
subject to fluctuations in the following currencies: the Euro, British Pound Sterling, Japanese Yen, Canadian Dollar, Australian Dollar and Brazilian Real against the
United States Dollar (“USD”). These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve and economic conditions change. Changes in foreign currency
exchange rates could have an adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows.
Foreign Currency Transaction Risk
Our foreign currency exposures typically arise from selling annual and multi-year subscriptions in multiple currencies, customer accounts receivable,
intercompany transfer pricing arrangements and other intercompany transactions. Our foreign currency management objective is to minimize the effect of
fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on selected assets or liabilities without exposing us to additional risk associated with transactions that could be regarded as
speculative.
We pursue our objective by utilizing foreign currency forward contracts to offset foreign exchange risk. Our foreign currency forward contracts are generally
short-term in duration. We neither use these foreign currency forward contracts for trading purposes nor do we currently designate these forward contracts as hedging
instruments under the relevant accounting and financial reporting guidelines. Accordingly, we record the fair values of these contracts as of the end of our reporting
period to our consolidated balance sheets with changes in fair values recorded to our consolidated statements of operations. Given the short duration of the forward
contracts, the amount recorded is not significant. Our ultimate realized gain or loss with respect to foreign currency exposures will generally depend on the size and
type of cross-currency transactions that we enter into, the currency exchange rates associated with these exposures and changes in those rates, the net realized gain or
loss on our foreign currency forward contracts and other factors.
Foreign Currency Translation Risk
Fluctuations in foreign currencies impact the amount of total assets, liabilities, revenues, operating expenses and cash flows that we report for our foreign
subsidiaries upon the translation of these amounts into USD. Total revenue during fiscal 2025 was minimally impacted by fluctuations in foreign currencies
compared to fiscal 2024. In addition, fluctuations in foreign currencies negatively impacted our current remaining performance obligation growth rate as of January
31, 2025 by approximately two percent compared to what we would have reported as of January 31, 2024 using constant currency rates.
Interest Rate Sensitivity
As of January 31, 2025, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaling $14.0 billion. This amount was invested primarily in money market
funds, time deposits, corporate notes and bonds, government securities and other debt securities with credit ratings of at least BBB or better. The cash, cash
equivalents and marketable securities are held for general corporate purposes, including share repurchases, dividend payments, acquisitions of, or investments in,
complementary businesses, services or technologies, working capital and capital expenditures. Our investments are made for capital preservation purposes. We do
not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes.
Our cash equivalents and our portfolio of marketable securities are subject to market risk due to changes in interest rates. Fixed-rate securities may have their
market value adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest rates fall. Due in part
to these factors, our future investment income may fall short of expectations due to changes in interest rates or we may suffer losses in principal if we are forced to
sell securities that decline in market value due to changes in interest rates. However, because we classify our debt securities as “available for sale,” no gains or losses
are recognized in our consolidated statements of operations due to changes in interest rates. Gains or losses recognized in our consolidated statements of operations
are limited to those related to either the sale of securities prior to maturity or expected credit losses.
Our fixed-income portfolio is also subject to interest rate risk. An immediate increase or decrease in interest rates of 100 basis points at January 31, 2025 could
result in a $61 million market value reduction or increase of the same amount. This estimate is based on a sensitivity model that measures market value changes
when changes in interest rates occur. Fluctuations in the value of our investment securities caused by a change in interest rates (gains or losses on the carrying value)
are recorded in other comprehensive income, net, and are realized only if we sell the underlying securities.
52

Table of Contents
At January 31, 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaling $14.2 billion. Changes in interest rates of 100 basis points would have
resulted in market value changes of $63 million.
Market Risk and Market Interest Risk
We deposit our cash with multiple financial institutions.
Debt
We maintain debt obligations that are subject to market interest risk, as follows (in millions):
Instrument Maturity Date
Principal
Outstanding as of
January 31, 2025 Interest Terms Contractual Interest Rate
Credit Facility October 2029 0 Floating N/A
2028 Senior Notes April 2028 1,500 Fixed 3.70
2028 Senior Sustainability Notes July 2028 1,000 Fixed 1.50
2031 Senior Notes July 2031 1,500 Fixed 1.95
2041 Senior Notes July 2041 1,250 Fixed 2.70
2051 Senior Notes July 2051 2,000 Fixed 2.90
2061 Senior Notes July 2061 1,250 Fixed 3.05
Any borrowings under our Credit Facility bear interest, at our option, at a base rate plus a spread of 0.00% or an adjusted benchmark rate plus a spread of
0.50% to 0.85%, in each case with such spread being determined based on our credit rating. We are also obligated to pay an ongoing commitment fee on undrawn
amounts. As of January 31, 2025, there was no outstanding borrowing amount under the Credit Facility.
The bank counterparties to our derivative contracts potentially expose us to credit-related losses in the event of their nonperformance. To mitigate that risk, we
only contract with counterparties who meet the minimum requirements under our counterparty risk assessment process. We monitor ratings, credit spreads and
potential downgrades on at least a quarterly basis. Based on our ongoing assessment of counterparty risk, we adjust our exposure to various counterparties. We
generally enter into master netting arrangements, which reduce credit risk by permitting net settlement of transactions with the same counterparty. However, we do
not have any master netting arrangements in place with collateral features.
Strategic Investments
As of January 31, 2025, our strategic investment portfolio consisted of investments in over 400 companies with a combined carrying value of $4.9 billion,
including four privately held investments with carrying values that were individually greater than five percent of the total strategic investments portfolio and
represented 24 percent of the portfolio in aggregate.
The following table sets forth additional information regarding active equity investments within our strategic investment portfolio as of January 31, 2025 and
excludes exited investments (in millions):
Investment Type Capital Invested Unrealized Gains (Cumulative) Unrealized Losses (Cumulative)
Carrying Value as of January 31,
2025
Publicly held equity securities $ 34 $ 42 $ (7) $ 69
Privately held equity securities 4,342 1,148 (748) 4,742
Total equity securities $ 4,376 $ 1,190 $ (755) $ 4,811
Fluctuations in the value of our privately held equity securities are only recorded when there is an observable transaction for a same or similar security of the
same issuer, or in the event of impairment. These investments are in various classes of equity with varying rights and preferences. The particular securities we hold,
and their rights and preferences relative to other securities within the capital structure of a company, may impact the magnitude by which our investment value
moves in relation to changes in the total fair value of that company. For example, our five largest privately held equity securities represent $1.3 billion in total
strategic investments as of January 31, 2025. If the enterprise value of the companies in which we hold those securities decreased by ten percent, the carrying value
of our investment portfolio would decline by approximately $84 million. We anticipate future volatility in our consolidated statements of operations due to changes
in market prices, observable price changes and impairments of our strategic investments. The resulting gains or losses could be material depending on market
conditions and events, particularly in periods with economic uncertainty, inflation, volatile public equity markets or unsettled global market conditions.
We continually evaluate our investments in privately held and publicly traded companies. In certain cases, our ability to sell these investments may be impacted
by contractual obligations to hold the securities for a set period of time after a public offering.
53

Table of Contents
In addition, the financial success of our investment in any company is typically dependent on a liquidity event, such as a public offering, acquisition or other
favorable market event reflecting appreciation to the cost of our initial investment. All of our investments, particularly those in privately held companies, are
therefore subject to a risk of partial or total loss of invested capital.
54

Table of Contents
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The following financial statements are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:
Page No.
Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 42) 56
Consolidated Balance Sheets 59
Consolidated Statements of Operations 60
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 61
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity 62
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 63
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 65
55

Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Salesforce, Inc.
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Salesforce, Inc. (the Company) as of January 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated
statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2025, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company at January 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
January 31, 2025, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal
control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2025, based on criteria established in
Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report
dated March 5, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with
the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks
of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included
examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial
statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the
accounts or disclosures to which they relate.
56

Table of Contents
Revenue Recognition
Description of the
Matter
As described in Notes 1 and 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue primarily from subscription
and support services and professional services contracts in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in
exchange for those products or services. The Company enters into contracts with its customers that may include promises to transfer
multiple cloud services, software licenses, premium support and professional services. Significant judgment may be required by the
Company in determining revenue recognition for these customer agreements, including the determination of whether products and
services are considered distinct performance obligations and the determination of standalone selling prices, particularly for products
and services that are not sold separately.
Auditing the Company’s accounting for revenue contracts with customers required significant judgment to assess management’s
determination of performance obligations and standalone selling prices.
How We Addressed the
Matter in Our Audit
We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company’s process to
identify performance obligations and allocate the transaction price to those performance obligations, including controls over
determining standalone selling prices.
To test the Company’s judgments and conclusions related to the identification of performance obligations and determination of
standalone selling prices, our audit procedures included, among others, obtaining an understanding of the Company’s various service
offerings and evaluating management’s conclusions regarding which were distinct. We read a sample of executed contracts to assess
management’s evaluation of significant terms, including the determination of distinct performance obligations, and the related
standalone selling price. We evaluated the information utilized to determine standalone selling price and we tested the mathematical
accuracy of the Company’s calculations.
Impairment of Strategic Investments
Description of the
Matter
As described in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company holds investments in privately held equity
securities, which are assessed for impairment at least quarterly. The Company’s impairment analysis encompasses an assessment of
both qualitative and quantitative factors, including the investee's financial metrics, market acceptance of the investee's product or
technology and the rate at which the investee is using its cash. Significant judgment may be required by the Company in determining if
an investment is impaired based on the information available about the investee.
Auditing the Company’s accounting for impairment of privately held equity securities required significant judgment to evaluate
management’s assessment of impairment indicators to evaluate whether investments are impaired considering the current economic
environment.
How We Addressed the
Matter in Our Audit
We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company’s process to
identify impaired privately held equity securities, including controls over assessing impairment indicators.
To test the Company’s judgments and conclusions related to impairment of privately held equity securities, our audit procedures
included, among others, obtaining an understanding of the nature of the privately held equity securities and evaluating the Company’s
assessment of both qualitative and quantitative factors. We read the Company’s analysis of a sample of investments and available
information including financial metrics and cash usage. We evaluated the information available to determine the appropriateness of the
Company’s conclusions of whether the investments are impaired.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2002.
San Francisco, California
March 5, 2025
57

Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Salesforce, Inc.
Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
We have audited Salesforce, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Salesforce,
Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2025, based on the COSO criteria.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance
sheets of the Company as of January 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2025, and the related notes and our report dated March 5, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion
thereon.
Basis for Opinion
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with
the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
San Francisco, California
March 5, 2025
58

Table of Contents
Salesforce, Inc.
Consolidated Balance Sheets
(in millions)
January 31, 2025 January 31, 2024
Assets
Current assets:
Cash and cash equivalents $ 8,848 $ 8,472
Marketable securities 5,184 5,722
Accounts receivable, net 11,945 11,414
Costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net 1,971 1,905
Prepaid expenses and other current assets 1,779 1,561
Total current assets 29,727 29,074
Property and equipment, net 3,236 3,689
Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 2,157 2,366
Noncurrent costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net 2,475 2,515
Strategic investments 4,852 4,848
Goodwill 51,283 48,620
Intangible assets acquired through business combinations, net 4,428 5,278
Deferred tax assets and other assets, net 4,770 3,433
Total assets $ 102,928 $ 99,823
Liabilities and stockholders’ equity
Current liabilities:
Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities $ 6,658 $ 6,111
Operating lease liabilities, current 579 518
Unearned revenue 20,743 19,003
Debt, current 0 999
Total current liabilities 27,980 26,631
Noncurrent debt 8,433 8,427
Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 2,380 2,644
Other noncurrent liabilities 2,962 2,475
Total liabilities 41,755 40,177
Commitments and contingencies (See Notes 6 and 14)
Stockholders’ equity:
Preferred stock, $0.001 par value; 5 shares authorized and none issued and outstanding 0 0
Common stock, $0.001 par value; 1,600 shares authorized, 1,056 and 1,035 shares issued as of January 31,
2025 and 2024, respectively, and 962 and 971 shares outstanding as of January 31, 2025 and 2024,
respectively 1 1
Treasury stock, at cost (19,507) (11,692)
Additional paid-in capital 64,576 59,841
Accumulated other comprehensive loss (266) (225)
Retained earnings 16,369 11,721
Total stockholders’ equity 61,173 59,646
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 102,928 $ 99,823
See accompanying Notes.
59

Table of Contents
Salesforce, Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Operations
(in millions, except per share data)
4 Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Revenues:
Subscription and support $ 35,679 $ 32,537 $ 29,021
Professional services and other 2,216 2,320 2,331
Total revenues 37,895 34,857 31,352
Cost of revenues (1)(2):
Subscription and support 6,198 6,177 5,821
Professional services and other 2,445 2,364 2,539
Total cost of revenues 8,643 8,541 8,360
Gross profit 29,252 26,316 22,992
Operating expenses (1)(2):
Research and development 5,493 4,906 5,055
Sales and marketing 13,257 12,877 13,526
General and administrative 2,836 2,534 2,553
Restructuring 461 988 828
Total operating expenses 22,047 21,305 21,962
Income from operations 7,205 5,011 1,030
Losses on strategic investments, net (121) (277) (239)
Other income (expense) 354 216 (131)
Income before provision for income taxes 7,438 4,950 660
Provision for income taxes (1,241) (814) (452)
Net income $ 6,197 $ 4,136 $ 208
Basic net income per share $ 6.44 $ 4.25 $ 0.21
Diluted net income per share $ 6.36 $ 4.20 $ 0.21
Shares used in computing basic net income per share 962 974 992
Shares used in computing diluted net income per share 974 984 997
(1) Amounts include amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations, as follows:
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Cost of revenues $ 750 $ 978 $ 1,035
Sales and marketing 901 891 916
(2) Amounts include stock-based compensation expense, as follows:
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Cost of revenues $ 518 $ 431 $ 499
Research and development 1,091 972 1,136
Sales and marketing 1,205 1,062 1,256
General and administrative 367 299 368
Restructuring 2 23 20
See accompanying Notes.
60

Table of Contents
Salesforce, Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
(in millions)
4 Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Net income $ 6,197 $ 4,136 $ 208
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of reclassification adjustments:
Foreign currency translation and other losses (66) (11) (35)
Unrealized gains (losses) on marketable securities and privately held debt securities 31 83 (94)
Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax (35) 72 (129)
Tax effect (6) (23) 21
Other comprehensive income (loss), net (41) 49 (108)
Comprehensive income $ 6,156 $ 4,185 $ 100
See accompanying Notes.
61

Table of Contents
Salesforce, Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity
(in millions)
Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional
Paid-in
Capital
Accumulated Other
Comprehensive
Income/(Loss)
Retained
Earnings
Total
Stockholders’
Shares Amount Shares Amount Equity
Balance at January 31, 2022 989 1 0 0 50,919 (166) 7,377 58,131
Common stock issued 20 0 0 0 849 0 0 849
Common stock repurchased 0 0 (28) (4,000) 0 0 0 (4,000)
Stock-based compensation 0 0 0 0 3,279 0 3,279
Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 0 0 0 0 0 (108) 0 (108)
Net income 0 0 0 0 0 0 208 208
Balance at January 31, 2023 1,009 1 (28) (4,000) 55,047 (274) 7,585 58,359
Common stock issued 26 0 0 0 1,994 0 0 1,994
Common stock repurchased 0 0 (36) (7,692) 0 0 0 (7,692)
Stock-based compensation 0 0 0 0 2,800 0 0 2,800
Other comprehensive income, net of tax 0 0 0 0 0 49 0 49
Net income 0 0 0 0 0 0 4,136 4,136
Balance at January 31, 2024 1,035 1 (64) (11,692) 59,841 (225) 11,721 59,646
Common stock issued 21 0 0 0 1,535 0 0 1,535
Common stock repurchased 0 0 (30) (7,815) 0 0 0 (7,815)
Stock-based compensation 0 0 0 0 3,200 0 0 3,200
Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 0 0 0 0 0 (41) 0 (41)
Cash dividends declared 0 0 0 0 0 0 (1,549) (1,549)
Net income 0 0 0 0 0 0 6,197 6,197
Balance at January 31, 2025 1,056 1 (94) (19,507) 64,576 (266) 16,369 61,173
See accompanying Notes.
62

Table of Contents
Salesforce, Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(in millions)
4 Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Operating activities:
Net income $ 6,197 $ 4,136 $ 208
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization (1) 3,477 3,959 3,786
Amortization of costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net 2,095 1,925 1,668
Stock-based compensation expense 3,183 2,787 3,279
Losses on strategic investments, net 121 277 239
Changes in assets and liabilities, net of business combinations:
Accounts receivable, net (490) (659) (995)
Costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net (2,121) (1,872) (2,345)
Prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets (1,495) (843) (302)
Accounts payable and accrued expenses and other liabilities 1,089 (478) 528
Operating lease liabilities (548) (621) (699)
Unearned revenue 1,584 1,623 1,744
Net cash provided by operating activities 13,092 10,234 7,111
Investing activities:
Business combinations, net of cash acquired (2,734) (82) (439)
Purchases of strategic investments (539) (496) (550)
Sales of strategic investments 126 108 355
Purchases of marketable securities (6,879) (3,761) (4,777)
Sales of marketable securities 4,143 1,511 1,771
Maturities of marketable securities 3,378 2,129 2,449
Capital expenditures (658) (736) (798)
Net cash used in investing activities (3,163) (1,327) (1,989)
Financing activities:
Repurchases of common stock (7,829) (7,620) (4,000)
Proceeds from employee stock plans 1,540 1,954 861
Principal payments on financing obligations (603) (629) (419)
Repayments of debt (1,000) (1,182) (4)
Payments of dividends (1,537) 0 0
Net cash used in financing activities (9,429) (7,477) (3,562)
Effect of exchange rate changes (124) 26 (8)
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 376 1,456 1,552
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 8,472 7,016 5,464
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period $ 8,848 $ 8,472 $ 7,016
(1) Includes amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations, depreciation of fixed assets and amortization and impairment of right-of-use
assets.
See accompanying Notes.
63

Table of Contents
Salesforce, Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosure
(in millions)
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Supplemental cash flow disclosure:
Cash paid during the period for:
Interest $ 233 $ 254 $ 275
Income taxes, net of tax refunds $ 2,061 $ 1,027 $ 510
See accompanying Notes.
64

Table of Contents
Salesforce, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
1. Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies
Description of Business
Salesforce, Inc. (the “Company”) is a global leader in customer relationship management technology that brings companies and customers together. With the
deeply unified Salesforce Platform, the Company delivers a single source of truth, connecting customer data with integrated artificial intelligence (“AI”) across
systems, apps and devices to help companies sell, service, market and conduct commerce from anywhere. During the third quarter of fiscal 2025, the Company
introduced Agentforce, a new layer of the trusted Salesforce Platform that enables companies to build and deploy AI agents that can respond to inputs, make
decisions and take action autonomously across business functions. Agentforce includes a suite of customizable agents for use across sales, service, marketing and
commerce. Since its founding in 1999, the Company has pioneered innovations in cloud, mobile, social, analytics and AI, enabling companies of every size and
industry to transform their businesses in the digital-first world.
Fiscal Year
The Company’s fiscal year ends on January 31. References to fiscal 2025, for example, refer to the fiscal year ending January 31, 2025.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions in the Company’s
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto.
Significant estimates and assumptions made by management include the determination of:
• the standalone selling price (“SSP”) of performance obligations for revenue contracts with multiple performance obligations;
• the valuation of privately-held strategic investments;
• the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed for business combinations;
• the recognition, measurement and valuation of current and deferred income taxes and uncertain tax positions;
• the useful lives of intangible assets; and
• the fair value of certain stock awards issued.
Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are
believed to be reasonable, which forms the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities as well as income and expenses to be
recognized.
Principles of Consolidation
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
Segments
The Company operates as one operating segment. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is
evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”), who is the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, in deciding how to allocate resources and
assess performance. Over the past few years, the Company has completed a number of acquisitions which have allowed the Company to expand its offerings,
presence and reach in various market segments of the enterprise cloud computing market. While the Company has offerings in multiple enterprise cloud computing
market segments, including as a result of the Company's acquisitions, and operates in multiple countries, the Company’s business operates in one operating segment
because most of the Company's service offerings operate on the Salesforce Platform and are deployed in a nearly identical manner, and the Company’s CODM
evaluates the Company’s financial information and resources, and assesses the performance of these resources, on a consolidated net income basis. Additionally, the
measure of segment assets is reported on the balance sheet as total consolidated assets.
The Company’s significant segment expenses, which are the expenses included in operating income as well as losses on strategic investments, and other
segment items, which includes other income (expense) and benefit from (provision for) income taxes, are included in the Company’s consolidated statement of
operations. Additionally, further components of the Company’s measure of profit or loss, which is net income, are included throughout the Company’s financial
statements.
65

Table of Contents
Concentrations of Credit Risk, Significant Customers and Investments
The Company’s financial instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and
accounts receivable. The Company monitors and manages the overall exposure of its cash balances to individual financial institutions on an ongoing basis. The
Company’s marketable securities portfolio consists primarily of investment-grade securities and the Company’s policies limit the amount of credit exposure to any
one issuer. The Company does not require collateral for accounts receivable. The Company maintains an allowance for its doubtful accounts receivable for estimated
credit losses. This allowance is based upon historical loss patterns, the number of days that billings are past due, an evaluation of the potential risk of loss associated
with delinquent accounts and current market conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions to inform adjustments to historical
loss patterns. The Company records the allowance against bad debt expense through the consolidated statements of operations, included in general and administrative
expense, up to the amount of revenues recognized to date. Any incremental allowance is recorded as an offset to unearned revenue on the consolidated balance
sheets. Receivables are written off and charged against the recorded allowance when the Company has exhausted collection efforts without success.
No single customer accounted for ten percent or more of accounts receivable as of January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024. No single customer accounted for
ten percent or more of total revenue during fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023. As of January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, assets located outside the Americas were 17
percent and 16 percent of total assets, respectively. As of January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, assets located in the United States were 81 percent and 82 percent
of total assets, respectively.
The Company is also exposed to concentrations of risk in its strategic investment portfolio, including within specific industries, as the Company primarily
invests in enterprise cloud companies, technology startups and system integrators. As of January 31, 2025, the Company held four investments, all privately held,
with carrying values that were individually greater than five percent of its total strategic investments portfolio and represented approximately 24 percent of the
portfolio in the aggregate. As of January 31, 2024, the Company held two investments, both privately held, with carrying values that were individually greater than
five percent of its strategic investments portfolio and represented approximately 16 percent of the portfolio in the aggregate.
Revenue Recognition
The Company derives its revenues from two sources: (1) subscription and support revenues and (2) professional services and other revenues. Subscription and
support revenues include subscription fees from customers accessing the Company’s enterprise cloud computing services (collectively, “Cloud Services”), software
license revenues from the sales of term software licenses and support revenues from the sales of support and updates beyond the basic subscription or software
license sales. Professional services and other revenues include professional and advisory services for process mapping, project management and implementation
services and training services.
Revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised products and services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company
expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. If the consideration promised in a contract includes a variable amount, for example, overage fees,
contingent fees or service level penalties, the Company includes an estimate of the amount it expects to receive for the total transaction price if it is probable that a
significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur.
The Company determines the amount of revenue to be recognized through the application of the following steps:
• identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer;
• identification of the performance obligations in the contract;
• determination of the transaction price;
• allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and
• recognition of revenue when or as the Company satisfies the performance obligations.
Subscription and Support Revenues
Subscription and support revenues are comprised of fees that provide customers with access to Cloud Services, software licenses and related support and
updates during the term of the arrangement.
Cloud Services allow customers to use the Company's multi-tenant software without taking possession of the software. Revenue is generally recognized
ratably over the contract term. Substantially all of the Company’s subscription service arrangements are noncancellable and do not contain refund-type provisions.
Subscription and support revenues also include revenues associated with term software licenses that provide the customer with a right to use the software as it
exists when made available. Revenues from term software licenses are generally recognized
66

Table of Contents
at the point in time when the software is made available to the customer. Revenue from software support and updates is recognized as the support and updates are
provided, which is generally ratably over the contract term.
The Company typically invoices its customers annually and its payment terms provide that customers pay within 30 days of invoice. Amounts that have been
invoiced are recorded in accounts receivable and in unearned revenue or revenue, depending on whether transfer of control to customers has occurred.
Professional Services and Other Revenues
The Company’s professional services contracts are either on a time and materials, fixed price or subscription basis. These revenues are recognized as the
services are rendered for time and materials contracts, on a proportional performance basis for fixed price contracts or ratably over the contract term for subscription
professional services contracts. Other revenues consist primarily of training revenues recognized as such services are performed.
Significant Judgments - Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations
The Company enters into contracts with its customers that may include promises to transfer multiple performance obligations such as Cloud Services, software
licenses, support and updates and professional services. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract with a customer to transfer products or services that are
concluded to be distinct. Determining whether products and services are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately or combined as one
unit of accounting may require significant judgment.
Cloud Services, software licenses and support and updates services are generally concluded to be distinct because such offerings are often sold separately. In
determining whether professional services are distinct, the Company considers the following factors for each professional services agreement: availability of the
services from other vendors, the nature of the professional services, the timing of when the professional services contract was signed in comparison to the
subscription start date and the contractual dependence of the service on the customer’s satisfaction with the professional services work. To date, the Company has
concluded that professional services included in contracts with multiple performance obligations are distinct.
The Company allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative SSP basis. The SSP is the price at which the Company would sell a
promised product or service separately to a customer. Judgment is required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation.
The Company determines SSP by considering its overall pricing objectives and market conditions. Significant pricing practices taken into consideration
include the Company’s discounting practices, the size and volume of the Company’s transactions, the customer demographic, the geographic area where services are
sold, price lists, the Company's go-to-market strategy, historical and current sales and contract prices. In instances where the Company does not sell or price a
product or service separately, the Company maximizes the use of observable inputs by using information that may include market conditions. As the Company’s goto-market strategies evolve, the Company may modify its pricing practices in the future, which could result in changes to SSP.
In certain cases, the Company is able to establish SSP based on observable prices of products or services sold or priced separately in comparable circumstances
to similar customers. The Company uses a single amount to estimate SSP when indicated by the distribution of its observable prices.
Alternatively, the Company uses a range of amounts to estimate SSP when the pricing practices or distribution of the observable prices are highly variable. The
Company typically has more than one SSP for individual products and services due to the stratification of those products and services by customer size and
geography.
Costs Capitalized to Obtain Revenue Contracts
The Company capitalizes incremental costs of obtaining revenue contracts related to noncancellable Cloud Services subscription, ongoing Cloud Services
support and license support and updates. For contracts with term software licenses where revenue is recognized upfront when the software is made available to the
customer, costs allocable to those licenses are expensed as they are incurred. Capitalized amounts consist primarily of sales commissions paid to the Company’s
direct sales force. Capitalized amounts also include (1) amounts paid to employees other than the direct sales force who earn incentive payouts under annual
compensation plans that are tied to the value of contracts acquired, (2) commissions paid to employees upon renewals of subscription and support contracts, (3) the
associated payroll taxes and fringe benefit costs associated with the payments to the Company’s employees and (4) to a lesser extent, success fees paid to partners in
emerging markets where the Company has a limited presence.
Costs capitalized related to new revenue contracts are amortized on a straight-line basis over four years, which is longer than the typical initial contract period,
but reflects the estimated average period of benefit, including expected contract renewals. In arriving at this average period of benefit, the Company evaluates both
qualitative and quantitative factors which included the estimated life cycles of its offerings and its customer attrition. Additionally, the Company amortizes
capitalized costs for renewals and success fees paid to partners over two years.
67

Table of Contents
The capitalized amounts are recoverable through future revenue streams under all noncancellable customer contracts. The Company periodically evaluates
whether there have been any changes in its business, the market conditions in which it operates or other events which would indicate that its amortization period
should be changed or if there are potential indicators of impairment.
Amortization of capitalized costs to obtain revenue contracts is included in sales and marketing expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of
operations. There were no impairments of costs to obtain revenue contracts for fiscal 2025 and 2024.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash
equivalents are stated at fair value.
Marketable Securities
The Company considers all of its marketable debt securities as available for use in current operations, including those with maturity dates beyond one year, and
therefore classifies these securities within current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Securities are classified as available for sale and are carried at fair value,
with the change in unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, reported as a separate component on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income until realized.
Fair value is determined based on quoted market rates when observable or utilizing data points that are observable, such as quoted prices, interest rates and yield
curves. Securities with an amortized cost basis in excess of estimated fair value are assessed to determine what amount of the excess, if any, is caused by expected
credit losses. Expected credit losses on securities are recognized in other income on the consolidated statements of operations and any remaining unrealized losses,
net of taxes, are included in accumulated other comprehensive loss in stockholders' equity. For the purposes of computing realized and unrealized gains and losses,
the cost of securities sold is based on the specific-identification method. Interest on securities classified as available for sale is included as a component of investment
income within other income on the consolidated statements of operations.
Strategic Investments
The Company holds strategic investments in privately held debt and equity securities and publicly held equity securities in which the Company does not have a
controlling interest.
Privately held equity securities where the Company lacks a controlling financial interest but does exercise significant influence are accounted for under the
equity method. Privately held equity securities not accounted for under the equity method are recorded at cost and adjusted only for observable transactions for same
or similar investments of the same issuer or impairment events (referred to as the measurement alternative). All gains and losses on privately held equity securities,
realized and unrealized, are recorded through losses on strategic investments, net on the consolidated statements of operations. Privately held debt securities are
recorded at fair value with changes in fair value recorded through accumulated other comprehensive loss on the consolidated balance sheets. Other privately held
investments not classified as debt or equity securities are recorded at cost and adjusted for impairment events, with any associated gains and losses recorded through
losses on strategic investments, net on the consolidated statements of operations.
Valuations of privately held securities are inherently complex and require judgment due to the lack of readily available market data. In determining the
estimated fair value of its strategic investments in privately held companies, the Company utilizes the most recent data available to the Company. The Company
assesses its privately held strategic investments quarterly for impairment. The Company’s impairment analysis encompasses an assessment of both qualitative and
quantitative factors, including the investee's financial metrics, market acceptance of the investee's product or technology and the rate at which the investee is using its
cash. If the investment is considered impaired, the Company estimates the fair value of the investment and recognizes any resulting impairment through the
consolidated statements of operations.
Publicly held equity securities are measured at fair value with changes recorded through losses on strategic investments, net on the consolidated statements of
operations.
Fair Value Measurement
The Company measures its cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, publicly held equity securities and foreign currency derivative contracts at fair
value. In addition, the Company measures certain of its strategic investments, including its privately held debt and equity securities, at fair value on a nonrecurring
basis when there has been an observable price change in a same or similar security or an impairment event. The additional disclosures regarding the Company’s fair
value measurements are included in Note 4 “Fair Value Measurement.”
68

Table of Contents
Derivative Financial Instruments
The Company enters into foreign currency derivative contracts with financial institutions to reduce foreign exchange risk associated with intercompany
transactions and other monetary assets or liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of a subsidiary. The Company uses forward
currency derivative contracts, which are not designated as hedging instruments, to minimize the Company’s exposure to balances primarily denominated in the Euro,
British Pound Sterling, Canadian Dollar, Australian Dollar, Brazilian Real and Japanese Yen. The Company’s derivative financial instruments program is not
designated for trading or speculative purposes. The Company generally enters into master netting arrangements with the financial institutions with which it contracts
for such derivatives, which permit net settlement of transactions with the same counterparty, thereby reducing risk of credit-related losses from a financial
institutions' nonperformance. While the contract or notional amount is often used to express the volume of foreign currency derivative contracts, the amounts
potentially subject to credit risk are generally limited to the amounts, if any, by which the counterparties’ obligations under the agreements exceed the obligations of
the Company to the counterparties. The notional amount of outstanding foreign currency derivative contracts as of January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024 was $10.7
billion and $8.6 billion, respectively.
Outstanding foreign currency derivative contracts are recorded at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets. Unrealized gains or losses due to changes in the
fair value of these derivative contracts, as well as realized gains or losses from their net settlement, are recognized as other income (expense) in the consolidated
statements of operations consistent with the offsetting gains or losses resulting from the remeasurement or settlement of the underlying foreign currency denominated
receivables and payables.
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of
those assets as follows:
Buildings and building improvements 10 to 40 years
Computers, equipment and software 3 to 5 years
Furniture and fixtures 5 years
Leasehold improvements Shorter of the estimated lease term or 10 years
The Company estimates the useful lives of property and equipment upon initial recognition and periodically evaluates the useful lives and whether events or
changes in circumstances warrant a revision to the useful lives.
When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from their respective accounts and any
loss on such retirement is reflected in operating expenses.
Leases
The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception and classifies its leases at commencement. Operating leases are included in operating lease
right-of-use (“ROU”) assets and current and noncurrent operating lease liabilities on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. Assets (also referred to as ROU
assets) and liabilities recognized from finance leases are included in property and equipment, accrued expenses and other liabilities and other noncurrent liabilities,
respectively, on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. ROU assets represent the Company's right to use an underlying asset for the lease term. The
corresponding lease liabilities represent its obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. The Company does not recognize ROU assets or lease liabilities
for leases with a term of 12 months or less for any asset classes.
Lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term at commencement, net of any future
tenant incentives. The Company has lease agreements which contain both lease and non-lease components, which it has elected to combine for all asset classes. As
such, minimum lease payments include fixed payments for non-lease components within a lease agreement but exclude variable lease payments not dependent on an
index or rate, such as common area maintenance, operating expenses, utilities, or other costs that are subject to fluctuation from period to period. The Company’s
lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease. Periods beyond the noncancellable term of the lease are included in the measurement of the lease
liability only when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise the associated extension option or waive the termination option. The Company reassesses
the lease term if and when a significant event or change in circumstances occurs within the control of the Company. As most of the Company’s leases do not provide
an implicit rate, the net present value of future minimum lease payments is determined using the Company’s incremental borrowing rate. The Company's incremental
borrowing rate is an estimate of the interest rate the Company would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis with similar terms and payments, in the
economic environment where the leased asset is located.
The lease ROU asset is recognized based on the lease liability, adjusted for any rent payments or initial direct costs incurred or tenant incentives received prior
to commencement.
69

Table of Contents
Lease expense for operating leases, which includes amortization expense of ROU assets, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
Amortization expense of finance lease ROU assets is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and interest expense for finance lease liabilities is
recognized based on the incremental borrowing rate. Expense for variable lease payments is recognized as incurred.
On the lease commencement date, the Company also establishes assets and liabilities for the present value of estimated future costs to retire long-lived assets at
the termination or expiration of a lease. Such assets are included in property and equipment, net and are amortized over the lease term.
The Company has entered into subleases or has made decisions and taken actions to exit and sublease certain unoccupied leased office space. Similar to other
long-lived assets discussed below, management tests ROU assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of
such assets may not be recoverable. For leased assets, such circumstances would include the decision to leave a leased facility prior to the end of the minimum lease
term or subleases for which estimated cash flows do not fully cover the costs of the associated lease.
Intangible Assets Acquired through Business Combinations
Intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives. Each period, the Company evaluates the estimated remaining useful life of its intangible assets
and whether events or changes in circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization.
Impairment Assessment
The Company evaluates intangible assets and other long-lived assets for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable, including, but not limited to, significant adverse changes in business climate, market conditions or other
events that indicate an asset's carrying amount may not be recoverable. Recoverability of these assets is measured by comparing the carrying amount of each asset
group to the future undiscounted cash flows the asset is expected to generate. If the undiscounted cash flows used in the test for recoverability are less than the
carrying amount of these assets, the carrying amount of such assets is reduced to fair value.
The Company evaluates and tests the recoverability of its goodwill for impairment annually during its fourth quarter of each fiscal year or more often if and
when circumstances indicate that goodwill may not be recoverable.
Business Combinations
The Company uses its best estimates and assumptions to assign fair value to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the
acquisition date. The Company’s estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. During the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the
acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the fair value of these tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the
corresponding offset to goodwill. In addition, uncertain tax positions, tax-related valuation allowances and pre-acquisition contingencies are initially recorded in
connection with a business combination as of the acquisition date. The Company continues to collect information and reevaluates these estimates and assumptions
quarterly and records any adjustments to the Company’s preliminary estimates to goodwill provided that the Company is within the measurement period. Upon the
conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the fair value of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent
adjustments are recorded to the Company’s consolidated statements of operations.
In the event the Company acquires an entity with which the Company has a preexisting relationship, the Company will generally recognize a gain or loss to
settle that relationship as of the acquisition date within operating income on the consolidated statements of operations. In the event that the Company acquires an
entity in which the Company previously held a strategic investment, the difference between the fair value of the shares as of the date of the acquisition and the
carrying value of the strategic investment is recorded as a gain or loss and recorded within losses on strategic investments, net in the consolidated statements of
operations.
Restructuring
The Company generally recognizes employee severance costs when payments are probable and amounts are estimable or when notification occurs, depending
on the region an employee works. Costs related to contracts without future benefit or contract termination are recognized at the earlier of the contract termination or
the cease-use dates. Other exit-related costs are recognized as incurred.
Stock-Based Compensation Expense
Stock-based compensation expense is measured based on grant date at fair value using the grant date closing stock price for restricted stock units and restricted
stock awards and using the Black-Scholes option pricing model for stock options. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense related to restricted
stock units, restricted stock awards, and stock
70

Table of Contents
options on a straight-line basis, net of estimated forfeitures, over the requisite service period of the awards, which is generally the vesting term of four years. The
estimated forfeiture rate applied is based on historical forfeiture rates.
The Company grants performance share awards to executive officers and other members of senior management, which may include a market condition, a
performance condition, or both. Stock-based compensation expense related to awards with a market condition are measured at fair value using a Monte Carlo
simulation model and the expense related to these awards is recognized on a graded-vesting basis, net of estimated forfeitures, over the requisite service period of the
awards, which is generally the vesting term. Stock-based compensation expense related to awards with a performance condition are measured based on the grant date
closing stock price and the expense related to these awards is recognized based on the requisite service period elapsed, as well as the probability of achievement and
estimated attainment of the performance condition as of the end of our reporting period.
Stock-based compensation expense related to the Company’s Amended and Restated 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP” or “2004 Employee Stock
Purchase Plan”) is measured based on grant date at fair value using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation
expense related to shares issued pursuant to the 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan on a straight-line basis over the offering period, which is 12 months. The ESPP
allows employees to purchase shares of the Company's common stock at a 15 percent discount from the lower of the Company’s stock price on (i) the first day of the
offering period or on (ii) the last day of the purchase period. The ESPP also allows employees to reduce their percentage election once during a six-month purchase
period (December 15 and June 15 of each fiscal year), but not to increase that election until the next one-year offering period. The ESPP includes a reset provision
for the purchase price if the stock price on the purchase date is less than the stock price on the offering date.
The Company, at times, grants unvested restricted shares to employee stockholders of certain acquired companies in lieu of cash consideration. These awards
are generally subject to continued post-acquisition employment. Therefore, the Company accounts for them as post-acquisition stock-based compensation expense.
The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense equal to the grant date fair value of the restricted stock awards, based on the closing stock price on
grant date, on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the awards, which is generally four years.
Advertising Expenses
Advertising is expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was $1.0 billion, $1.1 billion and $1.0 billion for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Income Taxes
The Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on
temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are
expected to reverse. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax laws is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations in the period
that includes the enactment date.
The Company’s tax positions are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. The Company recognizes the tax benefit of an
uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable upon examination by the taxing authority, solely based on its technical merits.
The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit which is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the taxing
authority. The Company recognizes interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the income tax provision.
Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts that are more likely than not expected to be realized based on
the weighting of positive and negative evidence. Future realization of deferred tax assets ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income of the
appropriate character (for example, ordinary income or capital gain) within the carryback or carryforward periods available under the applicable tax law. The
Company regularly reviews the deferred tax assets for recoverability based on historical taxable income, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the
reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. The Company’s judgments regarding future profitability may change due to many factors,
including future market conditions and the ability to successfully execute its business plans. Should there be a change in the ability to recover deferred tax assets, the
tax provision would increase or decrease in the period in which the assessment is changed.
Foreign Currency Translation
The functional currency of the Company’s major foreign subsidiaries is generally the local currency. All assets and liabilities denominated in a foreign
currency are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rate during the
period. Equity transactions are translated using historical exchange rates. Adjustments resulting from translating foreign functional currency financial statements into
U.S.
71

Table of Contents
dollars are recorded as a separate component on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in
other income in the consolidated statements of operations.
Warranties and Indemnification
The Company’s arrangements generally include certain provisions for indemnifying customers against liabilities if its products or services infringe on a third
party’s intellectual property rights. To date, the Company has not incurred any material costs as a result of such obligations and has not accrued any material
liabilities related to such obligations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
The Company has also agreed to indemnify its directors and executive officers for costs associated with any fees, expenses, judgments, fines and settlement
amounts incurred by any of these persons in any action or proceeding to which any of those persons is, or is threatened to be, made a party by reason of the person’s
service as a director or officer, including any action by the Company, arising out of that person’s services as the Company’s director or officer or that person’s
services provided to any other company or enterprise at the Company’s request. The Company maintains director and officer insurance coverage that would generally
enable the Company to recover a portion of any future amounts paid. The Company may also be subject to indemnification obligations by law with respect to the
actions of its employees under certain circumstances and in certain jurisdictions.
New Accounting Pronouncements Adopted in Fiscal 2025
In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2023-07, “Segment Reporting (Topic 280):
Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures” (“ASU 2023-07”), which requires additional operating segment disclosures in annual and interim consolidated
financial statements. The Company adopted ASU 2023-07 in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2025 on a retrospective basis.
New Accounting Pronouncements Pending Adoption
In December 2023, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2023-09, “Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures”
(“ASU 2023-09”), which requires disclosure of disaggregated income taxes paid, prescribes standard categories for the components of the effective tax rate
reconciliation and modifies other income tax-related disclosures. ASU 2023-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024 on a retrospective
or prospective basis. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2023-09 will have on its financial statement disclosures.
In November 2024, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2024-03, “Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense
Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses” (“ASU 2024-03”), which requires disaggregation of certain costs in a
separate note to the financial statements, such as the amounts of employee compensation, depreciation and intangible asset amortization, included in each relevant
expense caption in annual and interim consolidated financial statements. ASU 2024-03 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2026 and for
interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027 on a retrospective or prospective basis, with early adoption permitted. The Company is
evaluating the effect that ASU 2024-03 will have on its financial statement disclosures.
2. Revenues
Disaggregation of Revenue
Subscription and Support Revenue by the Company's Service Of erings
Subscription and support revenues consisted of the following (in millions):
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Sales $ 8,322 $ 7,580 $ 6,831
Service 9,054 8,245 7,369
Platform and Other 7,247 6,611 5,967
Marketing and Commerce 5,281 4,912 4,516
Integration and Analytics (1) 5,775 5,189 4,338
$ 35,679 $ 32,537 $ 29,021
(1) In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company renamed the service offering previously referred to as Data to Integration and Analytics, which includes
MuleSoft and Tableau.
72

Table of Contents
Total Revenue by Geographic Locations
Revenues by geographical region consisted of the following (in millions):
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Americas $ 25,143 $ 23,289 $ 21,250
Europe 8,891 8,128 7,163
Asia Pacific 3,861 3,440 2,939
$ 37,895 $ 34,857 $ 31,352
Revenues by geography are determined based on the region of the Company's contracting entity, which may be different than the region of the customer.
Americas revenue attributed to the United States was approximately 93 percent during fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. No other country represented more
than ten percent of total revenue during fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023.
Contract Balances
Contract Assets
The Company records a contract asset when revenue recognized on a contract exceeds the billings. Contract assets were $724 million as of January 31, 2025 as
compared to $758 million as of January 31, 2024, and are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and deferred tax assets and other assets, net on the
consolidated balance sheets.
Unearned Revenue
Unearned revenue represents amounts that have been invoiced in advance of revenue recognition and is recognized as revenue when transfer of control to
customers has occurred or services have been provided. The unearned revenue balance does not represent the total contract value of annual or multi-year,
noncancellable subscription agreements. The unearned revenue balance is influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the compounding effects of renewals,
invoice duration, invoice timing, dollar size and new business linearity within the quarter.
The change in unearned revenue was as follows (in millions):
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024
Unearned revenue, beginning of period $ 19,003 $ 17,376
Billings and other (1) 39,513 36,370
Contribution from contract asset (34) 110
Revenue recognized over time (35,628) (32,727)
Revenue recognized at a point in time (2,267) (2,130)
Unearned revenue from business combinations 156 4
Unearned revenue, end of period $ 20,743 $ 19,003
(1) Other includes, for example, the impact of foreign currency translation.
Revenue recognized over time primarily includes Cloud Services subscription and support revenue, which is generally recognized ratably over time, and
professional services and other revenue, which is generally recognized ratably or as delivered.
Revenue recognized at a point in time substantially consists of term software licenses.
Approximately 50 percent of total revenue recognized in fiscal 2025 was from the unearned revenue balance as of January 31, 2024.
Remaining Performance Obligation
Remaining performance obligation represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized and includes unearned revenue and unbilled amounts that
will be recognized as revenue in future periods. The transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation is based on SSP. Remaining performance
obligation is influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the timing of renewals, the timing of term license deliveries, average contract terms and foreign
currency exchange rates. Remaining performance obligation is also impacted by acquisitions. Unbilled portions of the remaining performance obligation
denominated in foreign currencies are revalued each period based on the period end exchange rates. Remaining performance obligation is subject to future economic
risks, including bankruptcies, regulatory changes and other market factors.
73

Table of Contents
The Company excludes amounts related to performance obligations from professional services contracts that are billed and recognized on a time and materials
basis.
The majority of the Company's noncurrent remaining performance obligation is expected to be recognized in the next 13 to 36 months.
Remaining performance obligation consisted of the following (in billions):
Current Noncurrent Total
As of January 31, 2025 $ 30.2 $ 33.2 $ 63.4
As of January 31, 2024 $ 27.6 $ 29.3 $ 56.9
3. Investments
Marketable Securities
At January 31, 2025, marketable securities consisted of the following (in millions):
Amortized
Cost
Unrealized
Gains
Unrealized
Losses Fair Value
Corporate notes and obligations $ 2,574 $ 6 $ (23) $ 2,557
U.S. treasury securities 546 0 (4) 542
Mortgage-backed obligations 128 0 (6) 122
Asset-backed securities 1,218 3 (4) 1,217
Municipal securities 108 0 (1) 107
Commercial paper 506 0 0 506
Covered bonds 29 0 (2) 27
Other 106 0 0 106
Total marketable securities $ 5,215 $ 9 $ (40) $ 5,184
At January 31, 2024, marketable securities consisted of the following (in millions):
Amortized
Cost
Unrealized
Gains
Unrealized
Losses Fair Value
Corporate notes and obligations $ 3,014 $ 9 $ (45) $ 2,978
U.S. treasury securities 583 0 (8) 575
Mortgage-backed obligations 244 1 (9) 236
Asset-backed securities 1,381 5 (7) 1,379
Municipal securities 139 0 (3) 136
Commercial paper 213 0 0 213
Covered bonds 81 0 (3) 78
Other 127 1 (1) 127
Total marketable securities $ 5,782 $ 16 $ (76) $ 5,722
The contractual maturities of the investments classified as marketable securities were as follows (in millions):
As of
January 31, 2025 January 31, 2024
Due within 1 year $ 2,081 $ 2,523
Due in 1 year through 5 years 3,098 3,180
Due in 5 years through 10 years 5 19
$ 5,184 $ 5,722
Interest income from marketable securities for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $647 million, $527 million and $199 million, respectively, and is included in
other income (expense) in the consolidated statements of operations.
74

Table of Contents
Strategic Investments
Strategic investments by form and measurement category as of January 31, 2025 were as follows (in millions):
Measurement Category
Fair Value
Measurement
Alternative Other Total
Equity securities $ 69 $ 4,617 $ 125 $ 4,811
Debt securities and other investments 0 0 41 41
Balance as of January 31, 2025 $ 69 $ 4,617 $ 166 $ 4,852
Strategic investments by form and measurement category as of January 31, 2024 were as follows (in millions):
Measurement Category
Fair Value
Measurement
Alternative Other Total
Equity securities $ 80 $ 4,557 $ 130 $ 4,767
Debt securities and other investments 0 0 81 81
Balance as of January 31, 2024 $ 80 $ 4,557 $ 211 $ 4,848
The Company holds investments in, or management agreements with, variable interest entities (“VIEs”) which the Company does not consolidate because it is
not considered the primary beneficiary of these entities. The carrying value of VIEs within strategic investments was $484 million and $382 million, as of January
31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, respectively.
Losses on Strategic Investments, Net
The components of losses on strategic investments, net were as follows (in millions):
4 Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Unrealized gains (losses) recognized on publicly traded equity securities, net $ (16) $ 29 $ 1
Unrealized gains recognized on privately held equity securities, net 358 119 180
Impairments on privately held equity and debt securities (582) (466) (491)
Unrealized losses, net (240) (318) (310)
Realized gains on sales of securities, net 119 41 71
Losses on strategic investments, net $ (121) $ (277) $ (239)
Unrealized gains and losses recognized on privately held equity securities, net includes upward and downward adjustments from equity securities accounted for
under the measurement alternative, as well as gains and losses from private equity securities in other measurement categories. For privately held securities accounted
for under the measurement alternative, the Company recorded upward adjustments of $385 million and $125 million and impairments and downward adjustments of
$583 million and $465 million for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Realized gains on sales of securities, net reflects the difference between the sale proceeds and the carrying value of the security at the beginning of the period or
the purchase date, if later.
4. Fair Value Measurement
The Company uses a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in the valuation methodologies in measuring fair value:
Level 1. Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
Level 2. Significant other inputs that are directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace.
Level 3. Significant unobservable inputs which are supported by little or no market activity.
All of the Company’s cash equivalents, marketable securities and foreign currency derivative contracts are classified within Level 1 or Level 2 because these
assets are valued using quoted market prices or alternative pricing sources and models utilizing observable market inputs.
75

Table of Contents
The following table presents information about the Company’s assets that were measured at fair value as of January 31, 2025 and indicates the fair value
hierarchy of the valuation (in millions):
Description
Quoted Prices in
Active Markets
for Identical Assets
(Level 1)
Significant Other
Observable
Inputs
(Level 2)
Significant
Unobservable
Inputs
(Level 3) Fair Value
Cash equivalents (1):
Time deposits $ 0 $ 1,698 $ 0 $ 1,698
Money market mutual funds 4,373 0 0 4,373
Cash equivalent securities 0 686 0 686
Marketable securities:
Corporate notes and obligations 0 2,557 0 2,557
U.S. treasury securities 0 542 0 542
Mortgage-backed obligations 0 122 0 122
Asset-backed securities 0 1,217 0 1,217
Municipal securities 0 107 0 107
Commercial paper 0 506 0 506
Covered bonds 0 27 0 27
Other 0 106 0 106
Strategic investments:
Equity securities 69 0 0 69
Total assets $ 4,442 $ 7,568 $ 0 $ 12,010
(1) Included in “cash and cash equivalents” in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets in addition to $2.1 billion of cash, as of January 31, 2025.
The following table presents information about the Company’s assets that were measured at fair value as of January 31, 2024 and indicates the fair value
hierarchy of the valuation (in millions):
Description
Quoted Prices in
Active Markets
for Identical Assets
(Level 1)
Significant Other
Observable Inputs (Level
2)
Significant
Unobservable
Inputs
(Level 3) Fair Value
Cash equivalents (1):
Time deposits $ 0 $ 1,337 $ 0 $ 1,337
Money market mutual funds 4,447 0 0 4,447
Cash equivalent securities 0 493 0 493
Marketable securities:
Corporate notes and obligations 0 2,978 0 2,978
U.S. treasury securities 0 575 0 575
Mortgage-backed obligations 0 236 0 236
Asset-backed securities 0 1,379 0 1,379
Municipal securities 0 136 0 136
Commercial paper 0 213 0 213
Covered bonds 0 78 0 78
Other 0 127 0 127
Strategic investments:
Equity securities 80 0 0 80
Total assets $ 4,527 $ 7,552 $ 0 $ 12,079
(1) Included in “cash and cash equivalents” in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets in addition to $2.2 billion of cash, as of January 31, 2024.
76

Table of Contents
Strategic Investments Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis
Substantially all of the Company's privately held debt and equity securities and other investments are recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis. The
estimation of fair value for these investments requires the use of significant unobservable inputs, and as a result, the Company deems these assets as Level 3 within
the fair value measurement framework. For privately held equity investments without a readily determinable fair value, the Company applies valuation methods
based on information available, including the market approach and option pricing models (“OPM”). Observable transactions, such as the issuance of new equity by
an investee, are indicators of investee enterprise value and are used to estimate the fair value of the privately held equity investments. An OPM may be utilized to
allocate value to the various classes of securities of the investee, including classes owned by the Company. Such information, available to the Company from
investee companies, is supplemented with estimates such as volatility, expected time to liquidity and the rights and obligations of the securities the Company holds.
When indicators of impairment are observed for privately held equity securities, the Company generally uses the market approach to estimate the fair value of its
investment, giving consideration to the latest observable transactions, as well as the investee's current and projected financial performance and other significant
inputs and assumptions, including estimated time to exit, selection and analysis of guideline public companies and the rights and obligations of the securities the
Company holds. The Company's privately held debt and equity securities and other investments amounted to $4.8 billion and $4.8 billion as of January 31, 2025 and
January 31, 2024, respectively.
5. Property and Equipment, Net and Other Balance Sheet Accounts
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment, net consisted of the following (in millions):
As of January 31,
2025 2024
Land $ 293 $ 293
Buildings and building improvements 492 490
Computers, equipment and software 4,345 4,209
Furniture and fixtures 232 245
Leasehold improvements 1,556 1,604
Property and equipment, gross 6,918 6,841
Less accumulated depreciation and amortization (3,682) (3,152)
Property and equipment, net $ 3,236 $ 3,689
Depreciation and amortization expense totaled $1.0 billion, $1.1 billion and $903 million during fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Other Balance Sheet Accounts
Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities as of January 31, 2025 included approximately $2.8 billion of accrued compensation as compared to
$2.5 billion as of January 31, 2024.
6. Leases and Other Commitments
Leases
The Company has operating leases for corporate offices, data centers and equipment under noncancellable operating and finance leases with various expiration
dates. The leases have noncancellable remaining terms of 1 year to 15 years, some of which include options to extend for up to 5 years, and some of which include
options to terminate within 1 year.
77

Table of Contents
The components of lease expense were as follows (in millions):
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Operating lease cost $ 684 $ 1,041 $ 986
Finance lease cost:
Amortization of right-of-use assets $ 303 $ 264 $ 198
Interest on lease liabilities 28 29 10
Total finance lease cost $ 331 $ 293 $ 208
Supplemental cash flow information related to operating and finance leases was as follows (in millions):
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities:
Operating cash outflows for operating leases $ 628 $ 716 $ 769
Operating cash outflows for finance leases 27 29 10
Financing cash outflows for finance leases 380 347 180
Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations:
Operating leases 345 456 915
Supplemental balance sheet information related to operating and finance leases was as follows (in millions):
As of January 31,
2025 2024
Operating leases:
Operating lease right-of-use assets $ 2,157 $ 2,366
Operating lease liabilities, current $ 579 $ 518
Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 2,380 2,644
Total operating lease liabilities $ 2,959 $ 3,162
Finance leases:
Computers, equipment and software $ 1,520 $ 1,579
Accumulated depreciation (708) (525)
Property and equipment, net $ 812 $ 1,054
Accrued expenses and other liabilities $ 337 $ 372
Other noncurrent liabilities 341 602
Total finance lease liabilities $ 678 $ 974
78

Table of Contents
Other information related to leases was as follows:
As of January 31,
2025 2024
Weighted average remaining lease term
Operating leases 7 years 7 years
Finance leases 3 years 3 years
Weighted average discount rate
Operating leases 3.2 % 2.9 %
Finance leases 3.8 % 3.3 %
As of January 31, 2025, the maturities of lease liabilities under noncancellable operating and finance leases were as follows (in millions):
Operating Leases Finance Leases
Fiscal Period:
Fiscal 2026 $ 653 $ 352
Fiscal 2027 564 244
Fiscal 2028 522 71
Fiscal 2029 440 29
Fiscal 2030 297 12
Thereafter 820 0
Total minimum lease payments 3,296 708
Less: Imputed interest (337) (30)
Total $ 2,959 $ 678
Operating lease amounts above do not include sublease income. The Company has entered into various sublease agreements with third parties. Under these
agreements, the Company expects to receive sublease income of approximately $303 million in the next five years and $29 million thereafter.
Of the total lease commitment balance, including leases not yet commenced, of $4.0 billion, approximately $3.3 billion is related to facilities space. The
remaining commitment amount is primarily related to equipment.
79

Table of Contents
7. Business Combinations
Fiscal Year 2025
Spif , Inc.
In February 2024, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of Spiff, Inc. (“Spiff”), an incentive compensation management platform company. The
acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for Spiff was $419 million, which consisted primarily of $374 million in cash. The Company recorded
$323 million of goodwill which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities. The goodwill associated with the acquisition
of Spiff has no basis and is not deductible for U.S. income tax purposes. The Company also recorded approximately $52 million of intangible assets for developed
technology and customer relationships with useful lives of nine and five years, respectively. The fair values assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed are
based on management’s estimates and assumptions and may be subject to change as additional information is received and certain tax returns are finalized. The
Company expects to finalize the valuation as soon as practicable, but not later than one year from the acquisition date. The Company has included the financial
results of Spiff, which were not material, in its consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition
were also not material.
Zoomin Software Ltd.
In November 2024, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of Zoomin Software Ltd. (“Zoomin”), a data management company. The acquisition date fair
value of the consideration transferred for Zoomin was $374 million, which consisted primarily of $344 million in cash. The Company recorded $284 million of
goodwill which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities. The goodwill associated with the acquisition of Zoomin has
no basis and is not deductible for U.S. income tax purposes. The Company also recorded approximately $94 million of intangible assets for developed technology
with a useful life of three years. The fair values assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management’s estimates and assumptions and may be
subject to change as additional information is received and certain tax returns are finalized. The Company expects to finalize the valuation as soon as practicable, but
not later than one year from the acquisition date. The Company has included the financial results of Zoomin, which were not material, in its consolidated financial
statements from the date of acquisition. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were also not material.
Own Data Company Ltd.
In November 2024, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of Own Data Company Ltd. (“Own”), a leading provider
of data protection and data management solutions. The Company has included the financial results of Own, which were not material, in the consolidated financial
statements from the date of acquisition. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were not material. The acquisition date fair value of the consideration
transferred for Own was approximately $2.1 billion, which consisted of the following (in millions):
Fair Value
Cash $ 1,931
Fair value of pre-existing relationship 212
Total $ 2,143
The following table summarizes the preliminary fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the date of acquisition (in millions):
Fair Value
Cash and cash equivalents $ 44
Accounts receivable 32
Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 35
Goodwill 1,812
Intangible assets 597
Other assets 10
Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities, current and noncurrent (16)
Unearned revenue (125)
Operating lease liabilities (35)
Deferred tax liability (211)
Net assets acquired $ 2,143
80

Table of Contents
The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which is
primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities, for which there is no basis for U.S. income tax purposes. The fair values
assigned to tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are preliminary, based on management’s estimates and assumptions and may be subject to change as
additional information is received and certain tax returns are finalized. The Company expects to finalize the valuation as soon as practicable, but not later than one
year from the acquisition date.
The following table sets forth the components of identifiable intangible assets acquired and their estimated useful lives as of the date of acquisition (in
millions):
Fair Value Useful Life
Developed technology $ 343 6 years
Customer relationships 224 9 years
Other purchased intangible assets 30 2 years
Total intangible assets subject to amortization $ 597
Developed technology represents the fair value of Own’s data analysis technology. Customer relationships represent the fair values of the underlying
relationships with Own customers.
The fair value of the Company’s noncontrolling equity investment in Own prior to the acquisition was $172 million. The Company recognized a gain of
approximately $40 million as a result of remeasuring its prior equity interest in Own held before the business combination. The gain is included in losses on strategic
investments, net in the consolidated statement of operations.
Fiscal Year 2023
Traction Sales and Marketing Inc.
In April 2022, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of Traction Sales and Marketing Inc. (“Traction on Demand”), a professional services firm that
provides innovative and critical solutions to clients using the Company’s service offerings and other advanced cloud technologies. The acquisition date fair value of
the consideration transferred for Traction on Demand was approximately $340 million, which consisted primarily of $302 million in cash.
8. Intangible Assets Acquired Through Business Combinations and Goodwill
Intangible Assets Acquired Through Business Combinations
Intangible assets acquired through business combinations were as follows (in millions):
Intangible Assets, Gross Accumulated Amortization Intangible Assets, Net
Weighted
Average
Remaining
Useful Life (Years)
January 31,
2024
Additions and
retirements, net
January 31,
2025
January 31,
2024
Expense and
retirements, net
January 31,
2025
January 31,
2024
January 31,
2025 January 31, 2025
Acquired developed
technology $ 4,624 $ (1,666) $ 2,958 $ (3,208) $ 1,455 $ (1,753) $ 1,416 $ 1,205 0.9
Customer relationships 6,674 220 6,894 (2,985) (835) (3,820) 3,689 3,074 3.6
Other (1) 303 28 331 (130) (52) (182) 173 149 2.4
Total $ 11,601 $ (1,418) $ 10,183 $ (6,323) $ 568 $ (5,755) $ 5,278 $ 4,428 2.8
(1) Included in Other are in-place leases, trade names, trademarks and territory rights.
Amortization of intangible assets resulting from business combinations for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $1.6 billion, $1.9 billion and $2.0 billion,
respectively.
81

Table of Contents
The expected future amortization expense for intangible assets as of January 31, 2025 was as follows (in millions):
Fiscal Period:
Fiscal 2026 $ 1,522
Fiscal 2027 1,147
Fiscal 2028 745
Fiscal 2029 578
Fiscal 2030 294
Thereafter 142
Total amortization expense $ 4,428
Goodwill
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price in a business combination over the fair value of net assets acquired.
The changes in the carrying amounts of goodwill, which is generally not deductible for tax purposes, were as follows (in millions):
Balance at January 31, 2023 $ 48,568
Acquisitions and adjustments (1) 52
Balance as of January 31, 2024 $ 48,620
Acquisition of Spiff 323
Acquisition of Zoomin 284
Acquisition of Own 1,812
Other acquisitions and adjustments (1) 244
Balance as of January 31, 2025 $ 51,283
(1) Includes the effect of foreign currency translation.
9. Debt
The components of the Company's borrowings were as follows (in millions):
Instrument Date of Issuance Maturity Date
Contractual
Interest Rate
Outstanding Principal
as of January 31, 2025
Carrying Value as of
January 31, 2025
Carrying Value as of
January 31, 2024
2024 Senior Notes (1) July 2021 July 2024 0.625 % 0 0 999
2028 Senior Notes April 2018 April 2028 3.70 1,500 1,496 1,495
2028 Senior Sustainability Notes July 2021 July 2028 1.50 1,000 995 994
2031 Senior Notes July 2021 July 2031 1.95 1,500 1,491 1,490
2041 Senior Notes July 2021 July 2041 2.70 1,250 1,236 1,235
2051 Senior Notes July 2021 July 2051 2.90 2,000 1,979 1,978
2061 Senior Notes July 2021 July 2061 3.05 1,250 1,236 1,235
Total carrying value of debt 8,500 8,433 9,426
Less current portion of debt 0 (999)
Total noncurrent debt $ 8,433 $ 8,427
(1) The Company repaid in full the 2024 Senior Notes in the second quarter of fiscal 2025.
The Company was in compliance with all debt covenants as of January 31, 2025.
The total estimated fair value of the Company's outstanding senior unsecured notes (the “Senior Notes”) above was $6.6 billion and $7.8 billion as of January
31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, respectively. The fair value was determined based on the closing trading price per $100 of the Senior Notes as of the last day of
trading of fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024, and are deemed Level 2 liabilities within the fair value measurement framework.
82

Table of Contents
The contractual future principal payments for all borrowings as of January 31, 2025 were as follows (in millions):
Fiscal Period:
Fiscal 2026 $ 0
Fiscal 2027 0
Fiscal 2028 0
Fiscal 2029 2,500
Fiscal 2030 0
Thereafter 6,000
Total principal outstanding $ 8,500
Interest expense primarily from out debt instruments for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $272 million, $283 million and $300 million, respectively, and is
included in other income (expense) in the consolidated statements of operations.
Revolving Credit Facility
In October 2024, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement with the lenders and issuing lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as
administrative agent (the “Revolving Loan Credit Agreement”). The Revolving Loan Credit Agreement replaced the Credit Agreement, dated December 23, 2020 (as
amended, the “Prior Credit Agreement”), among the Company, the lenders and the issuing lenders party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, which
provided for a $3.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility that was scheduled to mature on December 23, 2025. There were no outstanding borrowings under the
Prior Credit Agreement.
The Revolving Loan Credit Agreement provides for a $5.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility (“Credit Facility”) and matures in October 2029. The
Company may use the proceeds of future borrowings under the Credit Facility for general corporate purposes. There were no outstanding borrowings under the
Credit Facility as of January 31, 2025.
10. Restructuring
In January 2023, the Company announced a restructuring plan intended to reduce operating costs, improve operating margins and continue advancing the
Company’s ongoing commitment to profitable growth. This plan included a reduction of the Company’s workforce and select real estate exits and office space
reductions within certain markets. The employee actions were substantially completed in fiscal 2024 and the real estate actions are expected to be substantially
complete in fiscal 2026. In fiscal 2025, the Company approved restructuring initiatives focused on driving further operational efficiencies, optimizing our
management structure and increasing cost optimization efforts to realize long-term sustainable growth through a targeted workforce reduction, which are expected to
be substantially complete in fiscal 2026.
The following tables summarize the activities related to the Company’s restructuring initiatives for fiscal 2025 and 2024 (in millions):
Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2025 Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2024
Workforce Reduction
Office Space
Reductions Total Workforce Reduction Office Space Reductions Total
Liability, beginning of the
period $ 118 $ 2 $ 120 $ 607 $ 0 $ 607
Charges 386 75 461 541 447 988
Payments (196) (2) (198) (1,003) (27) (1,030)
Non-cash items (6) (75) (81) (27) (418) (445)
Liability, end of the period $ 302 $ 0 $ 302 $ 118 $ 2 $ 120
The liability for restructuring charges, which is related to workforce and office space reductions, is included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other
liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. The charges reflected in the tables above related to workforce reduction included charges for employee transition,
severance payments, employee benefits and share-based compensation. The charges reflected in the tables above related to office space reductions included exit
charges associated with those reductions.
11. Stockholders’ Equity
The Company maintains the following stock plans: the ESPP, the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan and the 2014 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan (“2014
Inducement Plan”). Options issued have terms of seven years.
83

Table of Contents
The fair value of each stock option grant was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions and
fair value per share:
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Volatility 33 - 36 % 35 - 40 % 34 - 40 %
Estimated life 5.2 years 3.5 years 3.5 years
Risk-free interest rate 4.3 - 4.5 % 3.6 - 4.3 % 1.7 -4.4 %
Weighted-average fair value per share of grants $ 114.96 $ 66.95 $ 62.10
The Company estimated its future stock price volatility considering both its observed option-implied volatilities and its historical volatility calculations.
Management believes this is the best estimate of the expected volatility over the expected life of its stock options and stock purchase rights.
The estimated life for the stock options was based on an analysis of historical exercise activity. The risk-free interest rate is based on the rate for a U.S.
government security with the same estimated life at the time of the option grant and the stock purchase rights.
Stock option activity for fiscal 2025 was as follows:
Options Outstanding
Shares
Available for
Grant
(in millions)
Outstanding
Stock
Options
(in millions)
WeightedAverage
Exercise Price
Aggregate
Intrinsic Value (in millions)
Balance as of January 31, 2024 60 12 $ 185.77
Increase in shares authorized:
2013 Equity Incentive Plan 36
Restricted stock activity (23)
Exercised 0 (4) 173.43
Balance as of January 31, 2025 73 8 $ 198.89 $ 1,140
Vested or expected to vest 8 $ 198.10 $ 1,126
Exercisable as of January 31, 2025 6 $ 187.48 $ 883
The total intrinsic value of the options exercised during fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, was $0.7 billion, $0.6 billion, and $0.2 billion, respectively. The intrinsic
value of options exercised during each year is calculated as the difference between the market value of the stock at the time of exercise and the exercise price of the
stock option.
The weighted-average remaining contractual life of vested and expected to vest options is approximately 3.5 years.
As of January 31, 2025, options to purchase 6 million shares were vested at a weighted-average exercise price of $187.48 per share and had a weightedaverage remaining contractual life of approximately 3.0 years. The total intrinsic value of these vested options based on the market value of the stock as of January
31, 2025 was approximately $0.9 billion.
84

Table of Contents
The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding as of January 31, 2025:
Options Outstanding Options Exercisable
Range of Exercise
Prices
Number
Outstanding
(in millions)
WeightedAverage
Remaining
Contractual Life
(Years)
WeightedAverage
Exercise
Price
Number of
Shares
(in millions)
WeightedAverage
Exercise
Price
$1.34 to $154.14 2 2.6 $ 128.18 2 $ 127.85
$157.70 to $167.45 1 2.4 162.50 1 162.27
$171.43 to $215.17 2 3.4 208.80 1 211.81
$218.21 2 4.1 218.21 1 218.21
$218.63 to $342.02 1 4.6 267.30 1 238.64
8 3.5 $ 198.89 6 $ 187.48
Restricted stock activity for fiscal 2025 is as follows:
Restricted Stock Outstanding
Outstanding
(in millions)
Weighted Average
Grant Date Fair Value
Aggregate
Intrinsic
Value (in millions)
Balance as of January 31, 2024 28 $ 202.95
Granted - restricted stock units and awards 12 302.73
Granted - performance-based stock units 1 290.64
Canceled (3) 226.68
Vested and converted to shares (12) 203.70
Balance as of January 31, 2025 26 $ 250.50 $ 8,796
Expected to vest 23 $ 7,693
Restricted stock, which upon vesting entitles the holder to one share of common stock for each share of restricted stock, has an exercise price of $0.001 per
share, which is equal to the par value of the Company’s common stock, and generally vests over four years. The total fair value of shares vested during fiscal 2025
and 2024 was $3.4 billion and $2.5 billion, respectively.
In fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, the Company granted performance-based restricted stock unit awards to executive officers and other members of senior
management. The performance-based restricted stock unit awards are subject to vesting based on the achievement of a market-based condition and a service-based
condition or a performance-based condition and a service-based condition. At the end of the service periods, which range from approximately one-year to four-years,
these performance-based restricted stock units will vest in a percentage of the target number of shares between 0 and 200 percent, depending on the extent the
market-based condition or performance-based condition, or both, are achieved.
The aggregate expected stock-based compensation expense remaining to be recognized as of January 31, 2025 was as follows (in millions):
Fiscal Period:
Fiscal 2026 $ 2,602
Fiscal 2027 1,717
Fiscal 2028 1,083
Fiscal 2029 182
Total stock-based compensation expense $ 5,584
The aggregate expected stock-based compensation expense remaining to be recognized reflects only outstanding stock awards as of January 31, 2025 and
assumes no forfeiture activity and no changes in the expected level of attainment of performance share grants based on the Company’s financial performance relative
to certain targets.
85

Table of Contents
Common Stock
The following number of shares of common stock were reserved and available for future issuance at January 31, 2025 (in millions):
Options outstanding 8
Restricted stock awards and units and performance-based stock units outstanding 26
Stock available for future grant or issuance:
2013 Equity Incentive Plan 73
2014 Inducement Plan 1
Amended and Restated 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 13
121
Preferred Stock
The Company’s board of directors has the authority, without further action by stockholders, to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more
series. The Company’s board of directors may designate the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the preferred stock, including dividend rights,
conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preference, sinking fund terms and number of shares constituting any series or the designation of
any series. The issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of restricting dividends on the Company’s common stock, diluting the voting power of its common
stock, impairing the liquidation rights of its common stock, or delaying or preventing a change in control. As of January 31, 2025 and 2024, no shares of preferred
stock were outstanding.
Share Repurchase Program
In August 2022, the Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase up to $10.0 billion of the Company’s common stock (the “Share Repurchase
Program”). In February 2023, the Board of Directors authorized an additional $10.0 billion in repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program. In February 2024,
the Board of Directors authorized an additional $10.0 billion in repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program for an aggregate total authorization of
$30.0 billion. The Share Repurchase Program does not have a fixed expiration date and does not obligate the Company to acquire any specific number of shares.
Under the Share Repurchase Program, shares of common stock may be repurchased using a variety of methods, including privately negotiated and or open market
transactions, including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), as part of accelerated
share repurchases and other methods. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases are determined by the Company in its discretion and depend on a
variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. The Company accounts for treasury stock under the cost method.
The Company repurchased the following under its Share Repurchase Program (in millions, except average price per share):
2025 2024 2023
Shares
Average price
per share Amount Shares
Average price
per share Amount Shares
Average price
per share Amount
Fiscal year ended January 31 30 $ 260.12 $ 7,757 36 $ 210.30 $ 7,674 28 $ 144.94 $ 4,000
All repurchases were made in open market transactions. As of January 31, 2025, the Company was authorized to purchase a remaining $10.6 billion of its
common stock under the Share Repurchase Program.
Dividends
The Company announced the following dividends in the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025 (in millions, except dividend per share):
Record Date Payment Date Dividend per Share Amount
March 14, 2024 April 11, 2024 $ 0.40 $ 388
July 9, 2024 July 25, 2024 $ 0.40 $ 388
September 18, 2024 October 8, 2024 $ 0.40 $ 385
December 18, 2024 January 9, 2025 $ 0.40 $ 388
86

Table of Contents
12. Income Taxes
The domestic and foreign components of income before provision for (benefit from) income taxes consisted of the following (in millions):
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Domestic $ 5,119 $ 4,045 $ 398
Foreign 2,319 905 262
$ 7,438 $ 4,950 $ 660
The provision for (benefit from) income taxes consisted of the following (in millions):
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Current:
Federal $ 1,284 $ 940 $ 173
State 245 199 216
Foreign 925 417 397
Total 2,454 1,556 786
Deferred:
Federal (982) (640) (134)
State (167) (182) (203)
Foreign (64) 80 3
Total (1,213) (742) (334)
Provision for (benefit from) income taxes $ 1,241 $ 814 $ 452
A reconciliation of income taxes at the statutory federal income tax rate to the provision for (benefit from) income taxes included in the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations is as follows (in millions):
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
U.S. federal taxes at statutory rate $ 1,562 $ 1,040 $ 139
State, net of the federal benefit 106 19 29
Effects of non-U.S. operations (1) 315 29 287
Tax credits (270) (332) (239)
Non-deductible expenses 100 43 94
Foreign-derived intangible income deduction (2) (373) (56) (55)
(Windfall)/shortfall related to share-based compensation (215) (36) 31
Change in valuation allowance 51 101 171
Other, net (35) 6 (5)
Provision for (benefit from) income taxes $ 1,241 $ 814 $ 452
(1) Fiscal 2024 effects of non-U.S. operations included tax benefits from foreign tax credits attributable to IRS notices.
(2) Fiscal 2025 foreign-derived intangible income deduction included tax benefits related to an adjustment for fiscal 2023 and 2024.
Deferred Income Taxes
Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes
and the amounts used for income tax purposes.
87

Table of Contents
Significant components of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows (in millions):
As of January 31,
2025 2024
Deferred tax assets:
Losses and deductions carryforward $ 209 $ 176
Deferred stock-based compensation expense 237 219
Tax credits 769 760
Accrued liabilities 482 419
Intangible assets 1,694 1,899
Lease liabilities 740 818
Unearned revenue (28) 37
Capitalized research & development 2,431 1,710
Other 65 81
Total deferred tax assets 6,599 6,119
Less valuation allowance (786) (733)
Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 5,813 5,386
Deferred tax liabilities:
Capitalized costs to obtain revenue contracts (850) (873)
Purchased intangible assets (650) (1,030)
Depreciation and amortization (164) (263)
Basis difference on strategic and other investments (106) (181)
Lease right-of-use assets (554) (636)
Total deferred tax liabilities (2,324) (2,983)
Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) $ 3,489 $ 2,403
At January 31, 2025, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $415 million, which expire in fiscal 2026 and through fiscal
2038 with the exception of post-2017 losses that do not expire, federal research and development tax credits of approximately $5 million, which expire in fiscal 2029
through fiscal 2045, foreign tax credits of approximately $164 million, which expire in fiscal 2029 through fiscal 2035. The Company had California net operating
loss carryforwards of approximately $480 million which expire beginning in fiscal 2029 through fiscal 2045, California research and development tax credits of
approximately $932 million, which do not expire. For other states' income tax purposes, the Company had tax credits of approximately $75 million, which expire
beginning in fiscal 2026 through fiscal 2034, and insignificant net operating loss carryforwards. Utilization of the Company’s net operating loss carryforwards are
subject to annual limitation due to the ownership change limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code and similar state provisions. Such an annual limitation
could result in the expiration of the net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards before utilization.
The Company had a valuation allowance of $786 million and $733 million as of January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, respectively. The Company regularly
assesses the realizability of its deferred tax assets and establishes a valuation allowance if it is more-likely-than-not that some or all of its deferred tax assets will not
be realized. The Company evaluates and weighs all available positive and negative evidence such as historic results, future reversals of existing deferred tax
liabilities, projected future taxable income, as well as prudent and feasible tax-planning strategies. The assessment requires significant judgment and is performed in
each of the applicable jurisdictions. The increase in the valuation allowance during fiscal 2025 was primarily due to state tax credits and certain U.S foreign tax
credits that are not expected to be realized. At the end of January 31, 2025, the valuation allowance was primarily related to U.S. states’ net operating loss and tax
credits and certain U.S foreign tax credits. The Company will continue to evaluate the need for valuation allowances for its deferred tax assets.
Unrecognized Tax Benefits and Other Considerations
The Company records liabilities related to its uncertain tax positions. Tax positions for the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to income tax audits by
multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. The Company recognizes the tax benefit of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the position
is sustainable upon examination by the taxing authority, based on the technical merits. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit which
is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the taxing authority.
88

Table of Contents
A reconciliation of the beginning and ending balance of total unrecognized tax benefits for fiscal years 2025, 2024 and 2023 is as follows (in millions):
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Beginning of period $ 2,083 $ 1,975 $ 1,822
Tax positions taken in prior period:
Gross increases 53 53 53
Gross decreases (65) (85) (45)
Tax positions taken in current period:
Gross increases 378 287 227
Settlements (4) (21) (40)
Lapse of statute of limitations (25) (104) (12)
Currency translation effect (1) (22) (30)
End of period $ 2,419 $ 2,083 $ 1,975
In fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, the Company reported a net increase of approximately $336 million, $108 million, and $153 million, respectively, in its
unrecognized tax benefits. For fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, total unrecognized tax benefits in an amount of $1.7 billion, $1.7 billion and $1.5 billion, respectively, if
recognized, would have reduced income tax expense and the Company’s effective tax rate.
The Company has recognized interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the income tax provision of $89 million, $29 million and $48 million
in fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Interest and penalties accrued as of January 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, were $225 million, $136 million and $107 million,
respectively.
Certain prior year tax returns are currently being examined by various taxing authorities in major tax jurisdictions including the United States, Germany and
Israel. The Company currently considers U.S. federal, Japan, Australia, Germany, France, United Kingdom, Ireland, Canada, India and Israel to be major tax
jurisdictions. The Company’s U.S. federal tax returns since fiscal 2008 remain open to examination, and non-U.S. tax returns generally remain open to examination
since fiscal 2019. The Company believes that it has provided adequate reserves for its income tax uncertainties in all open tax years. As the outcome of the tax audits
cannot be predicted with certainty, if any issues addressed in the Company's tax audits are resolved in a manner inconsistent with management's expectations, the
Company could adjust its provision for income taxes in the future.
The Company anticipates it is reasonably possible that an insignificant decrease of its unrecognized tax benefits may occur in the next 12 months, as the
applicable statutes of limitations lapse, ongoing examinations are completed, or tax positions meet the conditions of being effectively settled.
13. Net Income Per Share
Basic net income per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the fiscal period.
Diluted net income per share is computed by giving effect to all potential weighted average dilutive common stock, including options and restricted stock units. The
dilutive effect of outstanding awards is reflected in diluted net income per share by application of the treasury stock method.
A reconciliation of the denominator used in the calculation of basic and diluted net income per share is as follows (in millions):
4 Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Numerator:
Net income $ 6,197 $ 4,136 $ 208
Denominator:
Weighted-average shares outstanding for basic net income per share 962 974 992
Effect of dilutive securities:
Employee stock awards 12 10 5
Weighted-average shares outstanding for diluted net income per share 974 984 997
89

Table of Contents
The weighted-average number of shares outstanding used in the computation of diluted net income per share does not include the effect of the following
potentially outstanding common stock. The effects of these potentially outstanding shares were not included in the calculation of diluted net income per share
because the effect would have been anti-dilutive (in millions):
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Employee stock awards 7 13 39
14. Legal Proceedings and Claims
In the ordinary course of business, the Company is or may be involved in various legal or regulatory proceedings, claims or purported class actions related to
alleged infringement of third-party patents and other intellectual property rights, commercial, corporate and securities, labor and employment, wage and hour and
other claims. The Company has been, and may in the future be, put on notice or sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights, including
patent infringement.
In general, the resolution of a legal matter could prevent the Company from offering its service to others, could be material to the Company’s financial
condition or cash flows, or both, or could otherwise adversely affect the Company’s reputation and future operating results.
The Company makes a provision for a liability relating to legal matters when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can
be reasonably estimated. These provisions are reviewed at least quarterly and adjusted to reflect the impacts of negotiations, estimated settlements, legal rulings,
advice of legal counsel and other information and events pertaining to a particular matter. The outcomes of legal proceedings and other contingencies are, however,
inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties. At this time, the Company is not able to reasonably estimate the amount or range of possible losses
in excess of any amounts accrued, including losses that could arise as a result of application of non-monetary remedies, with respect to the contingencies it faces, and
the Company’s estimates may not prove to be accurate.
In management’s opinion, resolution of all current matters, including those described below, is not expected to have a material adverse impact on the
Company’s financial statements. However, depending on the nature and timing of any such dispute, payment or other contingency, the resolution of a matter could
materially affect the Company’s current or future results of operations or cash flows, or both, in a particular quarter.
Slack Litigation
Beginning in September 2019, seven purported class action lawsuits were filed against Slack, its directors, certain of its officers and certain investment funds
associated with certain of its directors, each alleging violations of securities laws in connection with Slack’s registration statement on Form S-1 (the “Registration
Statement”) filed with the SEC. All but one of these actions were filed in the Superior Court of California for the County of San Mateo, though one plaintiff
originally filed in the County of San Francisco before refiling in the County of San Mateo (and the original San Francisco action was dismissed). The remaining
action was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (the “Federal Action”). In the Federal Action, captioned Dennee v. Slack
Technologies, Inc., Case No. 3:19-CV-05857-SI, Slack and the other defendants filed a motion to dismiss the complaint in January 2020. In April 2020, the court
granted in part and denied in part the motion to dismiss. In May 2020, Slack and the other defendants filed a motion to certify the court’s order for interlocutory
appeal, which the court granted. Slack and the other defendants filed a petition for permission to appeal the district court’s order to the Ninth Circuit Court of
Appeals, which was granted in July 2020. Oral argument was heard in May 2021. On September 20, 2021, the Ninth Circuit affirmed the district court’s ruling. Slack
filed a petition for rehearing with the Ninth Circuit on November 3, 2021, which was denied on May 2, 2022. Slack filed a petition for a writ of certiorari with the
U.S. Supreme Court on August 31, 2022, which was granted on December 13, 2022. On June 1, 2023, the Supreme Court issued a unanimous decision vacating the
Ninth Circuit’s decision and remanded for further proceedings. The Ninth Circuit ordered the parties to submit additional briefing in light of the Supreme Court’s
decision. On February 10, 2025, the Ninth Circuit issued an opinion reversing the district court’s order and instructing the district court to dismiss the complaint with
prejudice. The state court actions were consolidated in November 2019, and the consolidated action is captioned In re Slack Technologies, Inc. Shareholder
Litigation, Lead Case No. 19CIV05370 (the “State Court Action”). An additional state court action was filed in San Mateo County in June 2020 but was consolidated
with the State Court Action in July 2020. Slack and the other defendants filed demurrers to the complaint in the State Court Action in February 2020. In August 2020,
the court sustained in part and overruled in part the demurrers, and granted plaintiffs leave to file an amended complaint, which they filed in October 2020. Slack and
the other defendants answered the complaint in November 2020. Plaintiffs filed a motion for class certification on October 21, 2021, which remains pending. On
October 26, 2022, the court stayed the State Court Action pending resolution of Slack’s petition for a writ of certiorari in the Federal Action. The State Court Action
remains stayed pending resolution of the appellate proceedings in the Federal Action. The Federal Action and the State Court Action seek unspecified monetary
damages and other relief on
90

Table of Contents
behalf of investors who purchased Slack’s Class A common stock issued pursuant and/or traceable to the Registration Statement.
Backpage Litigation
The Company has been named as a defendant in a number of state and federal actions relating to the activities of one of its former customers, Website
Technologies, LLC (“Website Technologies”), an affiliate of Backpage.com, LLC (“Backpage”). Plaintiffs in these actions generally allege that they were victims of
sex trafficking by individuals who advertised them on backpage.com, a website operated by Backpage, and assert various claims and theories premised on the
Company’s provision to Website Technologies of Salesforce CRM Software and related products, which the plaintiffs allege facilitated the operation and growth of
Backpage’s business. The initial action, filed in the Superior Court of California for the County of San Francisco on behalf of numerous plaintiffs, was dismissed
with prejudice under Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act (“Section 230”), and that dismissal was affirmed by the California Court of Appeal in
December 2021. In April 2020, an action was filed on behalf of a single plaintiff in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. The district court
granted the Company’s motion to dismiss the action, and the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals reversed that ruling in August 2023. The court has scheduled trial in
that matter for June 2026. Beginning in April 2020, five actions involving six plaintiffs were filed and consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Southern
District of Texas as A.B. v. Salesforce, Inc., Case No. 4:20-CV-01254. The Company moved for summary judgment on the basis that the claims were barred by
Section 230. In November 2023, the court denied the Company’s motion and in December 2024, the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed that ruling. Beginning in
May 2023, a number of similar actions have been filed in Texas federal and state courts, including principally: (1) 30 actions filed in the U.S. District Court for the
Northern District of Texas, which were consolidated as S.M.A. v. Salesforce, Inc., Case No. 3:23-CV-0915-B (“S.M.A”); (2) 21 actions filed in Texas state court in
Dallas County, which were removed by the Company to the Northern District of Texas, and consolidated as A.S. v. Salesforce, Inc., Case No. 3:23-CV-1039-B
(“A.S.”); and (3) one action filed in Texas state court in Harris County, which was removed to the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas as T.S. v.
Salesforce, Inc., Case No. 4:23-CV-01792 (“T.S.”). Separately, 19 actions have been filed in Texas state court, which are proceeding in a Texas state court
multidistrict litigation in Harris County District Court, captioned In re Jane Doe Cases, MDL 2020-28545. In March 2024, the district court in S.M.A. granted the
Company’s consolidated motion to dismiss the complaint on the ground that plaintiffs had not alleged the requisite intent element under the federal trafficking
statute, and in April 2024 an amended complaint was filed amending the federal law claim and adding a Texas state law claim. In May 2024, the Company moved to
dismiss the amended complaint. In September 2024, the district court in A.S. denied the Company’s motion to dismiss and the court has scheduled trial for
November 2025. In November 2024, the Company moved for judgment on the pleadings in A.S. In June 2023, the Company moved to dismiss the T.S. action, and
that motion remains pending. Plaintiffs’ counsel in these actions have stated that they represent several hundred additional possible claimants. All of the foregoing
actions seek unspecified monetary damages, attorneys’ fees, and costs. The Company intends to defend its interests in these proceedings vigorously.
91

Table of Contents
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
None.
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an
evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), as of the end of the period covered by this report.
In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well
designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and
procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible
controls and procedures relative to their costs.
Based on management’s evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this
report, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to, and are effective to, provide assurance at a reasonable level, that the information we are required to
disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and
Exchange Commission (“SEC”) rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive
officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.
(b) Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2025 based on the guidelines established
in the Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013 framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Our
internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
Based on the results of our evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of January 31, 2025. We
reviewed the results of management’s assessment with our Audit Committee.
The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2025 has been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered
public accounting firm, as stated in its report which is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
(c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended January 31, 2025 that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
(d) Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls
Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, do not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over
financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute,
assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the
benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide
absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that
judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the
individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is also based in
part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all
potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate
92

Table of Contents
because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective
control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION
During the three months ended January 31, 2025, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) informed us of the
adoption or termination of a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K), except as
follows. On December 17, 2024, Parker Harris, Co-Founder and Chief Technology Officer, Slack, adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement intended to satisfy the
affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) for the sale of up to 150,662 shares of the Company’s common stock, subject to certain conditions, through December 15,
2025 (or the date all shares are sold under the arrangement, if earlier). On January 9, 2025, Marc Benioff, Chair and Chief Executive Officer, adopted a Rule 10b5-1
trading arrangement intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) for the sale of up to 353,684 shares of the Company’s common stock, subject to
certain conditions, through March 20, 2026 (or the date all shares are sold under the arrangement, if earlier).
ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS
Not applicable.
93

Table of Contents
PART III.
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The information concerning our directors, our Audit Committee, our Insider Trading Policy and any changes to the process by which stockholders may
recommend nominees to the Board required by this Item are incorporated herein by reference to information contained in the Proxy Statement, including “Directors
and Corporate Governance,” “Insider Trading Policy” and, as applicable, “Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports.”
The information concerning our executive officers required by this Item is incorporated by reference herein to the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
in Part I, entitled “Information About Our Executive Officers.”
We have adopted a code of ethics, our Code of Conduct, which applies to all employees, including our chief executive officer, Marc Benioff, principal
financial officer, Amy Weaver, principal accounting officer, Sundeep Reddy and all other executive officers. The Code of Conduct is available on our website at
http://investor.salesforce.com/about-us/investor/corporate-governance/. A copy may also be obtained without charge by contacting Investor Relations, Salesforce,
Inc., Salesforce Tower, 415 Mission St, 3rd Fl, San Francisco, California 94105 or by calling (415) 901-7000.
We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our Code of Conduct by
posting such information on the website address and location specified above.
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to information contained in the Proxy Statement, including “Compensation
Discussion and Analysis,” “Summary Compensation Table,” “Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table,” “Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal 2025 Year-End Table,”
“Options Exercised and Stock Vested Table,” “Committee Reports,” “Directors and Corporate Governance” and “Employment Contracts and Certain Transactions.”
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to information contained in the Proxy Statement, including “Security Ownership of
Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters” and “Equity Compensation Plan Information.”
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to information contained in the Proxy Statement, including “Directors and Corporate
Governance” and “Employment Contracts and Certain Transactions.”
ITEM 14. PRINCIPALACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES
The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to information contained in the Proxy Statement, including “Ratification of
Appointment of Independent Auditor.”
94

Table of Contents
PART IV
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
(a) The following documents are filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:
1. Financial Statements: The information concerning our financial statements, and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm required
by this Item is incorporated by reference herein to the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K in Item 8, entitled “Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data.”
2. Financial Statement Schedules: The Financial Statement Schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable or are not required or are not
present in material amounts or the information required to be set forth herein is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto.
3. Exhibits: See “Index to Exhibits.”
(b) Exhibits. The exhibits listed below in the accompanying “Index to Exhibits” are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form
10-K.
ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY
Omitted at Registrant’s option.
Index to Exhibits
Exhibit
No.
Provided
Herewith
Incorporated by Reference
Exhibit Description Form SEC File No. Exhibit Filing Date
3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Salesforce, Inc. 8-K 001-32224 3.2 7/1/2024
3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Salesforce, Inc. 8-K 001-32224 3.1 12/10/2024
4.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate 10-Q 001-32224 4.1 6/1/2022
4.2 Indenture, dated April 11, 2018, between the Registrant
and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee
8-K 001-32224 4.1 4/11/2018
4.3 First Supplemental Indenture, dated April 11, 2018,
between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National
Association, as trustee (including Forms of 2023 and
2028 Notes)
8-K 001-32224 4.2 4/11/2018
4.4 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated July 12, 2021,
between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National
Association, as trustee (including Forms of the 2024,
2031, 2041, 2051, 2061 and Sustainability Notes)
8-K 001-32224 4.2 7/12/2021
4.5 Description of the Registrant’s Capital Stock 10-K 001-32224 4.8 3/8/2023
10.1* Salesforce, Inc. Amended and Restated 2013 Equity
Incentive Plan
8-K 001-32224 10.1 7/1/2024
10.2* Salesforce, Inc. Amended and Restated 2004 Employee
Stock Purchase Plan
S-8 333-265555 4.4 6/13/2022
10.3* Form of Indemnification Agreement between the
Registrant and its officers and directors
S-1/A 333-111289 10.1 4/20/2004
10.4* MetaMind, Inc. 2014 Stock Incentive Plan S-8 333-211510 4.1 5/20/2016
10.5* Salesforce, Inc. Amended and Restated 2014
Inducement Equity Incentive Plan
10-Q 001-32224 10.3 5/30/2024
10.6* Related forms of equity agreements under the Amended
and Restated 2013 Equity Incentive Plan
10-Q 001-32224 10.4 6/1/2022
95

Table of Contents
Exhibit
No.
Provided
Herewith
Incorporated by Reference
Exhibit Description Form SEC File No. Exhibit Filing Date
10.7* Related forms of equity agreements under the Amended
and Restated 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
10-Q 001-32224 10.5 6/1/2022
10.8* Related forms of equity agreements under the Amended
and Restated 2014 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan
10-Q 001-32224 10.6 6/1/2022
10.9* Forms of equity award agreements under the Amended
and Restated 2013 Equity Incentive Plan
10-Q 001-32224 10.4 5/30/2024
10.10* Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the
Amended and Restated 2014 Inducement Equity
Incentive Plan
10-Q 001-32224 10.5 5/30/2024
10.11* Forms of equity award agreements under the Amended
and Restated 2013 Equity Incentive Plan
X
10.12* Form of stock option agreement under the Amended
and Restated 2014 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan
X
10.13* Amended and Restated Annual Performance Bonus
Plan
10-Q 001-32224 10.1 5/30/2024
10.14* Traction Sales and Marketing Inc. Equity Incentive
Plan
S-8 333-265557 4.3 6/13/2022
10.15* Tenyx, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan S-8 333-282514 4.3 10/4/2024
10.16* Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit
Agreement
10-Q 001-32224 10.1 6/1/2023
10.17* Form of Change of Control and Retention Agreement
as entered into with Marc Benioff
10-K 001-32224 10.13 3/9/2009
10.18* Form of Change of Control and Retention Agreement
as entered into with Parker Harris
10-K 001-32224 10.14 3/9/2009
10.19* Form of Change of Control and Retention Agreement
entered into with non-CEO Executive Officers after
2014
10-K 001-32224 10.16 3/5/2020
10.20* Retention Agreement, dated February 10, 2021,
between the Registrant and Brian Millham
10-Q 001-32224 10.2 6/1/2023
10.21* Aircraft Time Sharing Agreement, dated March 17,
2020, between the Registrant and Marc Benioff
10-K 001-32224 10.17 3/17/2021
10.22* Non-Employee Director Compensation Program X
10.23* Offer Letter, dated June 8, 2023, between the
Registrant and Sabastian Niles
10-Q 001-32224 10.6 5/30/2024
10.24* Transition Agreement, dated August 28, 2024, between
the Registrant and Amy Weaver
10-Q 001-32224 10.3 12/4/2024
10.25* Offer Letter, dated February 5, 2025, between the
Registrant and Robin Washington
8-K 001-32224 10.1 2/5/2025
10.26* Amendment to Transition Agreement, dated March 4,
2025, between the Registrant and Amy Weaver
X
96

Table of Contents
Exhibit
No.
Provided
Herewith
Incorporated by Reference
Exhibit Description Form SEC File No. Exhibit Filing Date
10.27 Office Lease, dated April 10, 2014, between the
Registrant and Transbay Tower LLC
10-Q 001-32224 10.2 5/30/2014
10.28 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated November 10,
2014, between the Registrant and 50 Fremont Tower,
LLC
10-Q 001-32224 10.2 11/26/2014
10.29 Credit Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2024, by
and among the Registrant, the lenders and issuing
lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as
Administrative Agent
8-K 001-32224 10.1 11/5/2024
19 Insider Trading Policy X
21.1 List of Subsidiaries X
23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm
X
24.1 Power of Attorney (incorporated by reference to the
signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K)
X
31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to
Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a), as adopted
pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002
X
31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to
Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a), as adopted
pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002
X
32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the SarbanesOxley Act of 2002
X
97.1 Executive Officer Incentive Compensation Recovery
Policy
10-K 001-32224 97.01 3/6/2024
99.1 Cash Severance Limitation Policy X
101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document
101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation
Linkbase Document
101.DEF Inline XBRL Extension Definition
101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase
Document
101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation
Linkbase Document
104 The Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in
Inline XBRL (included in Exhibit 101)
* Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
97

Table of Contents
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
Dated: March 5, 2025
Salesforce, Inc.
By: /s/ AMY WEAVER
Amy Weaver
President and
Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer)
Dated: March 5, 2025
Salesforce, Inc.
By: /s/ SUNDEEP REDDY
Sundeep Reddy
Executive Vice President and
Chief Accounting Officer
(Principal Accounting Officer)
98

Table of Contents
POWER OF ATTORNEY AND SIGNATURES
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENT, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Marc Benioff, Amy Weaver,
Sundeep Reddy and Sabastian Niles, his or her attorney-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments
to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of
the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
Signature Title Date
/s/ Marc Benioff Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (Principal
Executive Officer) March 5, 2025
Marc Benioff
/s/ Amy Weaver President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial
Officer) March 5, 2025 Amy Weaver
/s/ Sundeep Reddy Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer
(Principal Accounting Officer) March 5, 2025
Sundeep Reddy
/s/ Laura Alber Director March 5, 2025 Laura Alber
/s/ Craig Conway Director March 5, 2025
Craig Conway
/s/ Arnold Donald Director March 5, 2025
Arnold Donald
/s/ Parker Harris Director, Co-Founder March 5, 2025
Parker Harris
/s/ Neelie Kroes Director March 5, 2025
Neelie Kroes
/s/ Sachin Mehra Director March 5, 2025
Sachin Mehra
/s/ Mason Morfit Director March 5, 2025 Mason Morfit
/s/ Oscar Munoz Director March 5, 2025
Oscar Munoz
/s/ John V. Roos Director March 5, 2025
John V. Roos
/s/ Robin L. Washington Director March 5, 2025
Robin L. Washington
/s/ Maynard Webb Director March 5, 2025
Maynard Webb
99

Exhibit 10.11
Salesforce, Inc.
Salesforce Tower
415 Mission Street, 3 Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105
Notice of Grant of Stock Options and
Terms and Conditions of Stock Options
(together, with the exhibits and appendices
thereto, the “Agreement”)
NAME:
ADDRESS:
OPTION NUMBER:
PLAN: 2013 Equity Incentive Plan
EMPLOYEE ID:
Grant Date:
Option Type: Stock Option
Total Shares Granted:
Exercise Price/Share:
Total Option Price:
Vest Commencement Date:
Expiration Date:
Effective on the grant date indicated above (the “Grant Date”) you have been granted an option to purchase the number of shares
of Salesforce, Inc. (the “Company”) common stock indicated above (the “Option”) at the exercise price per share indicated above.
Vesting Schedule/Expiration:
Subject to any acceleration provisions contained in the Plan, the Option will vest and remain exercisable thereafter based on the
following schedule and according to the Terms and Conditions of Stock
rd
1

Options attached hereto (subject to earlier termination as provided in paragraphs 2 and 3 of the Terms and Conditions of Stock Options):
The Option granted hereunder (including the Vesting Schedule above) is subject to the terms and conditions of any change of
control, retention and/or other agreement entered into between you and the Company (whether entered into before, on or after the Grant
Date).
By signifying my acceptance below (either by my electronic signature or acceptance or by my written signature), I agree that the
Option is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”) and the Agreement
(including this Notice of Grant of Stock Options, the Terms and Conditions of Stock Options and any exhibits or appendices thereto), all
of which are attached and made a part of this package. I understand that additional important terms and conditions, including regarding
vesting and forfeiture, of this Option are contained in the rest of the Agreement and in the Plan. In particular, I acknowledge the data
privacy notice provisions included in paragraph 12 of the Terms and Conditions of Stock Options.
I agree to notify the Company upon any change in my residence address indicated above.
By clicking the “ACCEPT” button, you agree to the following: “This electronic contract contains my electronic signature,
which I have executed with the intent to sign this Agreement.”
If you prefer not to electronically sign or accept this Agreement, you may accept this Agreement by signing a paper copy of the
Agreement and delivering it to Global Equity Plan Services Department.
Signature
Date
 2

SALESFORCE, INC.
STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF STOCK OPTIONS
1. Grant of Option. The Company hereby grants to the individual named in the Notice of Grant (the “Participant”) an option
(the “Option”) to purchase the number of Shares, as set forth in the Notice of Grant of Stock Options (the “Notice of Grant”), at the
exercise price per Share set forth in the Notice of Grant (the “Exercise Price”), subject to all of the terms and conditions in this
Agreement and the Salesforce, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”), which is incorporated herein by reference. Unless otherwise
defined herein, the terms defined in the Plan will have the same defined meanings in this Stock Option Agreement (the “Agreement”),
which includes the Notice of Grant and Terms and Conditions of Stock Option Grant and all exhibits to the Agreement.
(a) For U.S. taxpayers, the Option will be designated as either an Incentive Stock Option (“ISO”) or a Nonstatutory
Stock Option (“NSO”). If designated in the Notice of Grant as an ISO, this Option is intended to qualify as an ISO under Section 422 of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). However, if this Option is intended to be an Incentive Stock Option, to the
extent that it exceeds the $100,000 rule of Code Section 422(d) it will be treated as a Nonstatutory Stock Option (“NSO”). Further, if for
any reason this Option (or portion thereof) will not qualify as an ISO, then, to the extent of such nonqualification, such Option (or portion
thereof) shall be regarded as a NSO granted under the Plan. In no event will the Administrator, the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary
or any of their respective employees or directors have any liability to Participant (or any other person) due to the failure of the Option to
qualify for any reason as an ISO.
(b) For non-U.S. taxpayers, the Option will be designated as an NSO.
2. Vesting Schedule. Except as otherwise provided in paragraph 4 and subject to any acceleration provisions contained in the
Plan or set forth in this Agreement, the Option awarded by this Agreement will vest and be exercisable, in whole or in part, in
accordance with the vesting provisions set forth in the Notice of Grant. Shares scheduled to vest on a certain date or upon the occurrence
of a certain condition will not vest in accordance with any of the provisions of this Agreement, unless Participant will have been
continuously a Service Provider from the Grant Date until the date such vesting occurs. Notwithstanding anything in this paragraph 2 to
the contrary, and except as otherwise provided by the Administrator or as required by Applicable Laws, vesting of the Option shall be
suspended during any unpaid personal leave of absence other than a Company-approved sabbatical and other than military leave such
that vesting shall cease on the first (1st) day of any such unpaid personal leave of absence and shall only recommence upon return to
active service; provided, however, that no vesting credit will be awarded for the time vesting has been suspended during such leave of
absence.
3. Termination Period.
(a) Generally. The Option will be exercisable until 5:00pm local Pacific Time on the ninetieth (90th) day after the date
Participant ceases to be a Service Provider for reasons other than Cause or Participant’s death or Disability. In the event Participant ceases
to be a Service Provider due to Participant’s death or Disability, the Option will be exercisable until the close of business on the one (1)
year anniversary of the date Participant ceases to be a Service Provider. Participant’s status as a Service Provider shall be deemed to have
terminated on account of death if Participant dies within ninety (90) days after the date Participant ceases to be a Service Provider. In
1

the event Participant ceases to be a Service Provider due to Cause, the Option will terminate and cease to be exercisable immediately
upon the date Participant ceases to be a Service Provider. For purposes of the Option, Participant’s engagement as a Service Provider will
be considered terminated as of the date that Participant is no longer actively providing services to the Company or any Participating
Company (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in
the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of Participant’s employment or engagement agreement, if any), and,
unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement (including by reference in the Notice of Grant to other arrangements or contracts)
or determined by the Administrator, (i) Participant’s right to vest in the Option under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date and
will not be extended by any notice period (e.g., Participant’s period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any
period of “garden leave” or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or
Participant’s employment or engagement agreement, if any, unless Participant is providing bona fide services during such time), and (ii)
the period (if any) during which Participant may exercise the Option after such termination of Participant’s engagement as a Service
Provider will commence on the date Participant ceases to actively provide services and will not be extended by any notice period
mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is employed or terms of Participant’s employment or engagement
agreement, if any; the Company shall have the discretion to determine when Participant is no longer actively providing services for
purposes of the Option (including whether Participant may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence).
(b) Extension if Exercise Prevented by Law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (i) Participant ceases to be a Service
Provider for reasons other than as a result of Cause and (ii) the exercise of the Option within the applicable time periods set forth in
paragraph 3(a) is prevented by Section 26 of the Plan, the Option shall remain exercisable until the close of business of the ninetieth
(90th) day after the date Participant is notified by the Company that the Option is exercisable, but in any event no later than the expiration
of the term of the Option as set forth in the Notice of Grant.
(c) Extension if Participant Subject to Section 16(b). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (i) Participant ceases to be a
Service Provider for reasons other than as a result of Cause and (ii) a sale within the applicable time periods set forth in paragraph 3(a) of
Shares acquired upon the exercise of the Option would subject Participant to suit under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, the Option
shall remain exercisable until the earliest to occur of (x) the close of business of the tenth (10th) day following the date on which a sale of
such Shares by Participant would no longer be subject to such suit or (y) the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the
Notice of Grant.
(d) Limitations. Notwithstanding anything in Sections 3(a), (b), or (c) to the contrary, in no event may the Option be
exercised after the close business on the expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in the Notice of Grant, and may be subject to
earlier termination as provided in Sections 15(b) and (c) of the Plan.
4. Administrator Discretion. The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the vesting of the balance, or some lesser
portion of the balance, of the unvested Option at any time, subject to the terms of the Plan. If so accelerated, such Option will be
considered as having vested as of the date specified by the Administrator.
 2

5. Exercise of Option.
(a) Right to Exercise. This Option may be exercised only within the term set out in the Notice of Grant, and may be
exercised during such term only in accordance with the Plan and the terms of this Agreement.
(b) Method of Exercise. This Option is exercisable in a manner and pursuant to such procedures as the Company may
determine, which may include (but is not limited to) by notification to E*Trade from Morgan Stanley and any of its affiliated companies
(“E*TRADE”), or such other stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, or by delivery of an exercise
notice to the Company, in the form attached as Exhibit C (either, the “Exercise Notice”). Any Exercise Notice must state the election to
exercise the Option, the number of Shares in respect of which the Option is being exercised (the “Exercised Shares”), and such other
representations and agreements as may be required by the Company pursuant to the provisions of the Plan. The Exercise Notice will be
accompanied by payment or instructions for payment of the aggregate Exercise Price as to all Exercised Shares. This Option will be
deemed to be exercised upon receipt by the Company or any agent designated by the Company of such fully executed Exercise Notice
accompanied by the aggregate Exercise Price (or instructions for payment thereof). This Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a
Share and the Company will not issue fractional Shares upon exercise of this Option.
6. Method of Payment. Payment of the aggregate Exercise Price will be by any of the following, or a combination thereof, at
the election of Participant:
(a) cash;
(b) check;
(c) consideration received by the Company under a formal cashless exercise program (whether through a broker, net
exercise program or otherwise) adopted by the Company in connection with the Plan;
(d) if Participant is a U.S. Employee, surrender of other Shares which have a Fair Market Value on the date of
surrender equal to the aggregate Exercise Price of the Exercised Shares, provided that accepting such Shares, in the sole discretion of the
Administrator, will not result in any adverse accounting consequences to the Company; or
(e) by such other consideration as may be approved by the Administrator from time to time to the extent permitted by
Applicable Laws.
7. Tax Obligations.
(a) Responsibility for Taxes. Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if
different, the Participating Company employing or retaining Participant (the “Employer”), the ultimate liability for Tax Obligations is and
remains Participant’s responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. Participant
further acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any
Tax Obligations in connection with any aspect of the Option, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or exercise of the Option, the
subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such exercise and the receipt of any dividends or other distributions, and (ii) do not
commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Option to reduce or eliminate Participant’s
liability for Tax Obligations or
 3

achieve any particular tax result. Further, if Participant is subject to Tax Obligations in more than one jurisdiction, Participant
acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax
Obligations in more than one jurisdiction. If Participant fails to make satisfactory arrangements for the payment of any required Tax
Obligations hereunder at the time of the applicable taxable event, Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company may refuse to
honor the exercise and refuse to deliver the Shares or the proceeds from the sale of the Shares.
(b) Withholding of Taxes. In connection with any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Participant
agrees to make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or the Employer to satisfy all Tax Obligations. In this regard,
Participant authorizes the Company and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy their withholding
obligations or rights with regard to all Tax Obligations, if any, by withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired at exercise of
the Option either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on Participant’s behalf pursuant to this
authorization) without further consent. Alternatively, the Company, or the Employer, or their respective agents, in their sole discretion and
pursuant to such procedures as they may specify from time to time, may satisfy their withholding obligations or rights with regard to all
Tax Obligations, if any, in whole or in part (without limitation) by (i) requiring Participant to deliver cash or a check to the Company or
the Employer, (ii) withholding from Participant’s wages or other cash compensation paid to Participant by the Company and/or the
Employer, or (iii) reducing the number of Shares otherwise deliverable to Participant; provided, however, that if Participant is a Section
16 officer of the Company under the Exchange Act, then the Company will withhold from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired at
exercise of the Option, unless the use of such withholding method is inadvisable under Applicable Laws or has materially adverse
accounting consequences, in which case, the withholding obligation or right for Tax Obligations, if any, may be satisfied by one or a
combination of methods (i) and (ii) above, or at the election of Participant, by method (iii). For avoidance of doubt, if Participant is a
non-U.S. employee, payment of Tax Obligations may not be effectuated by surrender of other Shares with a Fair Market Value equal to
the amount of any Tax Obligations. Further, depending on the withholding method, the Company or the Employer may withhold or
account for Tax Obligations by considering statutory or other withholding rates, including minimum or maximum rates applicable in
Participant’s jurisdiction(s). In the event of over-withholding, Participant may receive a refund from the Company of any over-withheld
amount in cash (with no entitlement to the equivalent in Common Stock), or if not refunded by the Company, Participant may need to
seek a refund from the local tax authorities to the extent Participant wishes to recover the over-withheld amount in the form of a refund;
provided, however, that where the application of maximum rates would, in the Company’s determination, result in adverse accounting
consequences to the Company, the Company shall withhold only amounts sufficient to meet the minimum statutory Tax Obligations
required to be withheld or remitted with respect to the Option.
(c) Notice of Disqualifying Disposition of ISO Shares. If the Option granted to Participant herein is an ISO, and if
Participant sells or otherwise disposes of any of the Shares acquired pursuant to the ISO on or before the later of (i) the date two (2) years
after the Grant Date, or (ii) the date one (1) year after the date of exercise, Participant will immediately notify the Company in writing of
such disposition. Participant agrees that Participant may be subject to income tax withholding by the Company on the compensation
income recognized by Participant.
(d) Code Section 409A. Under Code Section 409A, an option that vests after December 31, 2004 (or that vested on or
prior to such date but which was materially modified after October 3, 2004) that was granted with a per Share Exercise Price that is
determined by the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) to be less than the fair market value of a Share on the Grant Date (a “Discount
Option”) may be considered “deferred compensation.” For a Participant who is or
 4

becomes subject to U.S. Federal income taxation, a Discount Option may result in (i) income recognition by Participant prior to the
exercise of the option, (ii) an additional twenty percent (20%) federal income tax, and (iii) potential penalty and interest charges. The
Discount Option may also result in additional state income, penalty and interest charges to Participant. Participant acknowledges that the
Company cannot and has not guaranteed that the IRS will agree that the per Share Exercise Price of this Option equals or exceeds the Fair
Market Value of a Share on the Grant Date in a later examination. Participant agrees that if the IRS determines that the Option was
granted with a per Share exercise price that was less than the Fair Market Value of a Share on the Grant Date, Participant will be solely
responsible for Participant’s costs related to such a determination, if any.
8. Rights as Stockholder. Neither Participant nor any person claiming under or through Participant will have any of the rights
or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until certificates representing
such Shares (which may be in book entry form) will have been issued, recorded on the records of the Company or its transfer agents or
registrars, and delivered to Participant (including through electronic delivery to a brokerage account). After such issuance, recordation
and delivery, Participant will have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to voting such Shares and receipt of
dividends and distributions on such Shares.
9. No Guarantee of Continued Service. PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF THE
OPTION PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS A SERVICE
PROVIDER AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY (OR THE EMPLOYER) AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED,
BEING GRANTED THIS OPTION OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER. PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND
AGREES THAT THIS AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE
SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS A
SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND WILL NOT INTERFERE IN ANY
WAY WITH ANY RIGHT OF PARTICIPANT OR OF THE COMPANY (OR THE EMPLOYER) TO TERMINATE PARTICIPANT’S
RELATIONSHIP AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE.
10. Nature of Grant. In accepting the Option, Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that:
(a) the grant of the Option is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right
to receive future grants of options, or benefits in lieu of options, even if options have been granted in the past;
(b) all decisions with respect to future option or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company;
(c) Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan;
(d) the Option and any Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not intended to
replace any pension rights or compensation;
(e) unless otherwise agreed with the Company, the Option and the Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income
from and value of same, are not granted as consideration
 5

for, or in connection with, the service Participant may provide as a director of a Subsidiary or an Affiliate;
(f) the Option and Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not part of normal or
expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service
payments, holiday pay, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar mandatory payments;
(g) the future value of the Shares underlying the Option is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted;
(h) if the Shares underlying the Option do not increase in value, the Option will have no value;
(i) if Participant exercises the Option and acquires Shares, the value of such Shares may increase or decrease in value,
even below the Exercise Price;
(j) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the Option and the benefits evidenced by
this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Option or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor
to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Shares; and
(k) the following provisions apply only if Participant is providing services outside the United States:
(i) the Option and the Shares subject to the Option are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for
any purpose;
(ii) none of the Company, the Employer or any other Participating Company shall be liable for any foreign
exchange rate fluctuation between Participant’s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect
the value of the Option or of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the exercise of the Option or the
subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon exercise; and
(iii) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Option resulting from
the termination of Participant’s engagement as a Service Provider (for any reason whatsoever, whether or
not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a
Service Provider or the terms of Participant’s employment or engagement agreement, if any).
11. No Advice Regarding Grant. The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making
any recommendations regarding Participant’s participation in the Plan, or Participant’s acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares.
Participant understands that there may be adverse tax consequences as a result of Participant’s participation in the Plan, including the
exercise of the Option or the disposition of the Shares subject to the Option. Participant acknowledges that he or she should consult with
a tax, legal or financial consultant, that he or she has had the opportunity to consult with any such consultants that Participant deems
 6

advisable in connection with the receipt or disposition of the Shares, and that Participant is not relying on the Company for any tax
advice.
12. Data Privacy. Participant hereby acknowledges that the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of
Participant’s personal data as described in this Agreement and any other Option grant materials by and among, as applicable, the
Employer, the Company and any Participating Company, is necessary for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and
managing Participant’s participation in the Plan.
Participant understands that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about Participant,
including, but not limited to, Participant’s name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social insurance,
passport or other identification number (e.g., resident registration number), salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships
held in the Company, details of all Options or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or
outstanding in Participant’s favor (“Data”), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan.
Participant understands that Data will be transferred to E*TRADE or any stock plan service provider as may be selected by the
Company in the future, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan.
Participant understands that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients’
country of operation (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participant’s country.
Participant understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may request a list with the names and addresses
of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting his or her local human resources representative. The Company, E*TRADE, any
stock plan service provider selected by the Company and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in
the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan may receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in
electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing his or her participation in the Plan.
Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage Participant’s
participation in the Plan. Participant understands if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may, at any time, view Data,
request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or make any
other applicable data subject requests, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing his or her local human resources
representative. For more information, Participant may contact his or her local human resources representative.
13. Address for Notices. Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms of this Agreement will be addressed to the
Company, in care of Global Equity Plan Services Department, at Salesforce, Inc., Salesforce Tower, 415 Mission Street, 3 Floor, San
Francisco, CA 94105, or at such other address as the Company may hereafter designate in writing.
14. Non-Transferability of Option. This Option may not be transferred in any manner otherwise than by will or by the laws of
descent or distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of Participant only by Participant.
rd
 7

15. Binding Agreement. Subject to the limitation on the transferability of this grant contained herein, this Agreement will be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto.
16. Additional Conditions to Issuance of Certificates for Shares. If at any time the Company will determine, in its discretion,
that the listing, registration, qualification or rule compliance of the Shares upon any securities exchange or under any state, federal or
foreign law, the tax code and related regulations under the rulings or regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission or any other governmental regulatory body or the clearance, consent or approval of the United States Securities and
Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory authority is necessary or desirable as a condition to the purchase by, or
issuance of Shares to, Participant (or his or her estate) hereunder, such purchase or issuance will not occur unless and until such listing,
registration, qualification, rule compliance, clearance, consent or approval will have been completed, effected or obtained free of any
conditions not acceptable to the Company. Assuming such compliance, for income tax purposes the Exercised Shares will be considered
transferred to Participant on the date the Option is exercised with respect to such Exercised Shares.
17. Plan Governs. This Agreement and the Option granted hereunder are subject to all terms and provisions of the Plan. In the
event of a conflict between one or more provisions of this Agreement and one or more provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan
will govern. Capitalized terms used and not defined in this Agreement will have the meaning set forth in the Plan.
18. Administrator Authority. The Administrator will have the power to interpret the Plan and this Agreement and to adopt such
rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such
rules (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether or not any Shares subject to the Option have vested). All actions taken
and all interpretations and determinations made by the Administrator in good faith will be final and binding upon Participant, the
Company and all other interested persons. No member of the Administrator will be personally liable for any action, determination or
interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or this Agreement.
19. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to
Options awarded under the Plan or future options that may be awarded under the Plan by electronic means or request Participant’s
consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and
agrees to participate in the Plan through any on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party
designated by the Company. To the extent Participant executes the Notice of Stock Option Grant by electronic means, Participant should
retain a copy of his or her returned electronically signed Agreement. Participant may obtain a paper copy at any time and at the
Company’s expense by requesting one from Global Equity Plan Services Department (see paragraph 13 of these Terms and Conditions).
20. English Language Consent. By accepting the Option, Participant acknowledges and represents that he or she is proficient
in the English language or has consulted with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in English as to allow Participant to understand
the terms of this Agreement and any other documents related to the Plan. If Participant has received this Agreement or any other
documents related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of translated version is different from the
English version, the English version shall control, unless otherwise required by Applicable Laws.
 8

21. Captions. Captions provided herein are for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or
construction of this Agreement.
22. Agreement Severable. In the event that any provision in this Agreement will be held invalid or unenforceable, such
provision will be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining
provisions of this Agreement.
23. Governing Law and Venue. This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the state of
California, without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this
Option or this Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of California, and agree that such
litigation will be conducted in the courts of San Francisco County, California, or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern
District of California, and no other courts, where this Option is made and/or to be performed.
24. Modifications to the Agreement. Participant expressly warrants that he or she is not accepting this Agreement in reliance
on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained herein. Modifications to this Agreement can be made only
in an express written contract executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the
Plan or this Agreement, the Company reserves the right to amend this Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole
discretion and without the consent of Participant, to comply with Section 409A of the Code or to otherwise avoid imposition of any
additional tax or income recognition under Section 409A of the Code in connection with the Option, or if necessary to comply with any
applicable laws in the jurisdiction in which Participant resides and/or is rendering services.
25. Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan. By accepting this Award, Participant expressly warrants that he or she
has received an “Option” under the Plan, and has received, read and understood a description of the Plan. Participant understands that
the Plan is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time to the extent
permitted by the Plan.
26. Waiver. Participant acknowledges that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not
operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by Participant or any other
Participant.
27. Legends. The Company may at any time place legends referencing restrictions imposed by any Applicable Laws on all
certificates representing Shares subject to the provisions of this Agreement.
28. Country Addendum. Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Option grant shall be subject to any additional
terms and conditions for Participant’s country set forth in the Country Addendum attached to this Agreement (the “Country
Addendum”). Moreover, if Participant relocates to one of the countries included in the Country Addendum, the additional terms and
conditions for such country will apply to Participant to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and
conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Country Addendum constitutes part of this Agreement.
29. Insider Trading and Market Abuse Laws. Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse
laws based on the exchange on which the Shares are listed and in applicable jurisdictions, including the United States, Participant’s
country and any stock plan
 9

service provider’s country, which may affect Participant’s ability to acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of Shares, rights to Shares (e.g.,
the Option) or rights linked to the value of Shares during such times as Participant is considered to have material non-public information
or “inside information” regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in applicable jurisdictions). Local insider trading laws and
regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders Participant placed before he or she possessed inside information.
Furthermore, Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party, including fellow employees
(other than on a “need to know” basis), and (ii) “tipping” third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Any
restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any
applicable Company insider trading policy. Participant acknowledges that it is his or her responsibility to comply with any applicable
restrictions, and Participant should speak to his or her personal advisor on this matter.
30. Foreign Asset or Account and Exchange Control Reporting. Participant’s country may have certain exchange controls and
foreign asset or account reporting requirements that may affect his or her ability to purchase or hold Shares under the Plan or receive
cash from his or her participation in the Plan (including from any dividends received or sale proceeds arising from the sale of Shares) in
a brokerage or bank account outside Participant’s country. Participant may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to
the tax or other authorities in his or her country. Further, Participant may be required to repatriate proceeds acquired as a result of
participating in the Plan to his or her country through a designated bank or broker or within a certain time. Participant acknowledges and
agrees that it is his or her responsibility to be compliant with such regulations and understands that Participant should speak with his or
her personal legal advisor for any details regarding any foreign asset or account reporting or exchange control reporting requirements in
Participant’s country arising out of his or her participation in the Plan.
 10

EXHIBIT C
SALESFORCE, INC.
2013 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
EXERCISE NOTICE
Salesforce, Inc.
Salesforce Tower
415 Mission Street, 3 Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105
Attention: Global Equity Plan Services Department
1. Exercise of Option. Effective as of today, ________________, _____, the undersigned (“Purchaser”) hereby elects to
purchase ______________ shares (the “Shares”) of the Common Stock of Salesforce, Inc. (the “Company”) under and pursuant to the
2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”) and the Stock Option Agreement dated ________ (the “Agreement”). The purchase price for the
Shares will be $_____________, as required by the Agreement.
2. Delivery of Payment. Purchaser herewith delivers to the Company the full purchase price of the Shares and any Tax
Obligations (as defined in paragraph 7(a) of the Agreement) to be paid in connection with the exercise of the Option.
3. Representations of Purchaser. Purchaser acknowledges that Purchaser has received, read and understood the Plan and the
Agreement and agrees to abide by and be bound by their terms and conditions.
4. Rights as Stockholder. Until the issuance (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly
authorized transfer agent of the Company) of the Shares, no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder will
exist with respect to the Shares subject to the Option, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Shares so acquired will be issued to
Purchaser as soon as practicable after exercise of the Option. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for which the
record date is prior to the date of issuance, except as provided in Section 15 of the Plan.
5. Restriction on Sale of Securities. Any sale of the Shares issued under this Agreement will be subject to any market blackout period that may be imposed by the Company and must comply with the Company’s insider trading policies, and any other Applicable
Laws.
6. Tax Consultation. Purchaser understands that Purchaser may suffer adverse tax consequences as a result of Purchaser’s
purchase or disposition of the Shares. Purchaser represents that Purchaser has consulted with any tax consultants Purchaser deems
advisable in connection with the purchase or disposition of the Shares and that Purchaser is not relying on the Company for any tax
advice.
7. Entire Agreement; Governing Law. The Plan and Agreement are incorporated herein by reference. This Exercise Notice,
the Plan and the Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their
entirety
rd
 1

all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Purchaser with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified
adversely to the Purchaser’s interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and Purchaser. This agreement is governed by
the internal substantive laws, but not the choice of law rules, of the State of California.
Submitted by: Accepted by:
PURCHASER SALESFORCE, INC.
Signature By
Print Name Its
Address:
Date Received
 2

Salesforce, Inc.
Salesforce Tower
415 Mission Street, 3 Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105
Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units and Terms
and Conditions of Restricted Stock Units (together, with the
exhibits and appendices thereto, the “Agreement”)
FIRST_NAME:
LAST_NAME:
Award Number:
ADDRESS: Plan: 2013 Equity Incentive Plan
Policy: Non-Employee Director Compensation
ID:
Effective February 1, 20__ (the “Grant Date”) you have been granted an award of [NUMBER] restricted stock units (the
“Award”). These units are restricted until the vest date(s), at which time you will receive shares of Salesforce, Inc. (the “Company”)
common stock.
Vesting Schedule: Subject to your continuous status as a Service Provider from the Grant Date through the relevant vesting date,
the Award shall vest in four substantially equal installments on each of the following vesting dates: February 22, 20__; May 22, 20__
August 22, 20__; and November 22, 20__; provided, that the Award shall fully vest upon your death, Disability or in the event of a
merger of the Company with or into another corporation or other entity or a Change in Control.
By signifying my acceptance below (either by my electronic signature or acceptance or by my written signature), I agree that the
Award is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”) and the Agreement
(including this Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units, the Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Units and any exhibits or
appendices thereto), all of which are attached and made a part of this package. In particular, I acknowledge the data privacy notice
provisions included in paragraph 13 of the Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Units.
rd
 1

I understand that there may be adverse tax consequences as a result of my receipt or disposition of the Shares issued as payment
for the vested Restricted Stock Units. The Company has urged me to consult with a tax consultant, I have had the opportunity to consult
with any tax consultants that I deem advisable in connection with the receipt or disposition of the Shares, and I am not relying on the
Company for any tax advice. I agree to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon
any questions relating to the Plan and this Agreement. I agree to notify the Company upon any change in my residence address indicated
above.
By clicking the “ACCEPT” button, you agree to the following: “This electronic contract contains my electronic signature,
which I have executed with the intent to sign this Agreement.”
If you prefer not to electronically sign or accept this Agreement, you may accept this Agreement by signing a paper copy
of the Agreement and delivering it to Global Equity Plan Services Department.
Signature
Date
 2

SALESFORCE, INC.
RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS
Grant #_________
1. Grant. The Company hereby grants to the individual (the “Participant”) named in the Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock
Units (the “Grant Notice”) to which these Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Units (together with the Grant Notice and
attachments to each document, the “Agreement”) are attached, an Award of Restricted Stock Units upon the terms and conditions set forth
in this Agreement and the Salesforce, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”), which is incorporated herein by reference. Unless
otherwise determined by the Administrator, the Restricted Stock Units include a right to Dividend Equivalents equal to the value of any
cash dividends paid on the Shares for which the record date occurs during the period commencing on the Grant Date and ending prior to
the date the Restricted Stock Units (or portion thereof) are settled. Subject to vesting, each Dividend Equivalent entitles Participant to
receive the equivalent cash value of any cash dividends paid on the number of Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Units that are
outstanding during such period. Dividend Equivalents will be accrued (without interest) and will be subject to the same conditions as the
Restricted Stock Units to which they are attributable, including, without limitation, the vesting conditions and the provisions governing
the timing of settlement of the Restricted Stock Units (or portion thereof). Dividend Equivalents will be settled in cash or, subject to the
approval of the Administrator, in Shares, in either case, subject to withholding of any applicable Tax Obligations.
2. Company’s Obligation to Pay. For each Restricted Stock Unit that vests, Participant will receive one Share and, unless
otherwise determined by the Administrator, any accrued Dividend Equivalents with respect to such Share. Unless and until the Restricted
Stock Units have vested in the manner set forth in paragraphs 3 or 4, Participant will have no right to payment of such Restricted Stock
Units or any accrued Dividend Equivalents. Prior to actual payment of any vested Restricted Stock Units, such Restricted Stock Units
will represent an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the general assets of the Company. Any Restricted
Stock Units that vest in accordance with paragraphs 3 or 4 will be paid to Participant (or in the event of Participant’s death, to his or her
estate) in whole Shares only (subject to any adjustment that may be made in the event of a Change of Control), subject to Participant
satisfying any Tax Obligations.
3. Vesting Schedule. Except as otherwise provided in paragraph 4 of this Agreement, and subject to paragraph 6, the Restricted
Stock Units awarded by this Agreement shall vest in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Grant Notice, provided that
Participant has continuously remained a Service Provider from the Grant Date through the relevant vesting date.
 1

4. Administrator Discretion. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan, this Agreement or any other agreement (whether entered into
before, on or after the Grant Date) to the contrary, if the Administrator, in its discretion, following the Grant Date provides for the further
acceleration of vesting of any of the Restricted Stock Units subject to this Award, if Participant is a U.S. taxpayer, the payment of such
accelerated Restricted Stock Units may only be made at a time or times when such payment is exempt from or complying with the
requirements of Section 409A. The prior sentence may be superseded in a future agreement or amendment to this Agreement only by
direct and specific reference to such sentence.
Notwithstanding anything in the Plan, this Agreement or any other agreement (whether entered into before, on or after the Grant
Date) to the contrary, if the vesting of the balance, or some lesser portion of the balance, of the Restricted Stock Units is accelerated in
connection with Participant’s termination as a Service Provider (provided that such termination is a “separation from service” within the
meaning of Section 409A, as determined by the Company), other than due to death, and if (x) Participant is a U.S. taxpayer and a
“specified employee” within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of such termination as a Service Provider and (y) the payment of
such accelerated Restricted Stock Units will result in the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A if paid to Participant on or
within the six (6) month period following Participant’s termination as a Service Provider, then the payment of such accelerated Restricted
Stock Units will not be made until the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of Participant’s termination as a Service
Provider, unless Participant dies following his or her termination as a Service Provider, in which case, the Restricted Stock Units will be
paid in Shares to Participant’s estate as soon as practicable following his or her death. It is the intent of this Agreement that it and all
payments and benefits to U.S. taxpayers hereunder be exempt from, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the
Restricted Stock Units provided under this Agreement or Shares (or cash pursuant to the Dividend Equivalents) issuable thereunder will
be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to be so exempt or so comply.
Each payment payable to a U.S. taxpayer under this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury
Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). For purposes of this Agreement, “Section 409A” means Section 409A of the Code, and any final
Treasury Regulations and Internal Revenue Service guidance thereunder, as each may be amended from time to time.
5. Payment after Vesting. If Participant is a U.S. taxpayer, the payment of Shares (including any related Dividend Equivalents)
vesting pursuant to this Agreement shall in all cases be made at a time or in a manner that is exempt from, or complies with,
Section 409A. The prior sentence may be superseded in a future agreement or amendment to this Agreement only by direct and specific
reference to such sentence. Any Restricted Stock Units that vest in accordance with paragraph 3 will be paid to Participant (or in the
event of Participant’s death, to his or her estate) as soon as practicable following the date of vesting, subject to paragraph 8. Any
Restricted Stock Units (including any related Dividend Equivalents) that vest in accordance with paragraph 4 will be paid to Participant
(or in the event of Participant’s death, to his or her estate) in accordance with the provisions of such paragraph, subject to paragraph 8. In
no event will Participant be permitted, directly or indirectly, to specify the taxable year of the payment of any Restricted Stock Units
payable under this Agreement.
 2

6. Forfeiture upon Termination of Status as a Service Provider. Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Agreement, the
balance of the Restricted Stock Units that have not vested as of the time of Participant’s termination as a Service Provider for any reason
other than death or Disability will be forfeited and automatically transferred to and reacquired by the Company at no cost to the
Company, and Participant’s right to acquire any such unvested Shares (or cash pursuant to the Dividend Equivalents) hereunder will
immediately terminate. The date of Participant’s termination as a Service Provider is detailed in paragraph 11(h).
7. Death of Participant. Any distribution or delivery to be made to Participant under this Agreement will, if Participant is then
deceased, be made to the administrator or executor of Participant’s estate. Any such administrator or executor must furnish the Company
with (a) written notice of his or her status as transferee, and (b) evidence satisfactory to the Company to establish the validity of the
transfer and compliance with any laws or regulations pertaining to said transfer.
8. Tax Obligations; Responsibility for Taxes. Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company, the
ultimate liability for Tax Obligations is and remains Participant’s responsibility. Participant further acknowledges that the Company (i)
makes no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax Obligations in connection with any aspect of the Restricted
Stock Units or any related Dividend Equivalents, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock
Units, payment of any Dividend Equivalents, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any
dividends or other distributions, and (ii) does not commit to and is under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of
the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate Participant’s liability for Tax Obligations or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if
Participant is subject to Tax Obligations in more than one jurisdiction, Participant acknowledges that the Company may be required to
account for Tax Obligations in more than one jurisdiction. To the extent that withholding of Tax Obligations is required by Applicable
Laws, the Company will withhold such applicable amounts from any cash Dividend Equivalents and further by reducing the number of
Shares otherwise deliverable to Participant pursuant to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, unless the use of such withholding
method is inadvisable under Applicable Laws or has materially adverse accounting consequences, in which case, the withholding
obligation for Tax Obligations, if any, may be satisfied by (i) requiring Participant to deliver cash or a check to the Company, (ii)
withholding from any cash compensation paid to Participant by the Company, and/or (iii) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares
acquired at vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company
(on Participant’s behalf pursuant to this authorization) without further consent. If Participant fails to make satisfactory arrangements for
the payment of any required Tax Obligations hereunder at the time of the applicable taxable event, Participant acknowledges and agrees
that the Company may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares, Dividend Equivalents or the proceeds of the sale of Shares.
9. Rights as Stockholder. Neither Participant nor any person claiming under or through Participant will have any of the rights or
privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until certificates representing such
Shares (which may be in book entry form) will have been issued, recorded on the records of the
 3

Company or its transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to Participant (including through electronic delivery to a brokerage account).
After such issuance, recordation and delivery, Participant will have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to voting
such Shares and receipt of dividends and distributions on such Shares.
10. No Guarantee of Continued Service. PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF
THE RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY
CONTINUING AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING
ENGAGED BY THE COMPANY, BEING GRANTED THIS AWARD OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS OR ACQUIRING
SHARES HEREUNDER. PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS AGREEMENT, THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT
CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS A SERVICE PROVIDER FOR
THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND WILL NOT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH ANY RIGHT
OF PARTICIPANT OR OF THE COMPANY TO TERMINATE PARTICIPANT’S RELATIONSHIP AS A SERVICE
PROVIDER AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE.
11. Nature of Grant. In accepting the grant, Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that:
(a) the grant of the Restricted Stock Units is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or
other right to receive future grants of Restricted Stock Units, or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if
Restricted Stock Units have been granted in the past;
(b) all decisions with respect to future Restricted Stock Units or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the
Company;
(c) Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan;
(d) the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units, and the income from and value of same,
are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation;
(e) the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units, and the income from and value of same,
are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination,
redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, holiday pay, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or
welfare benefits or similar mandatory payments;
 4

(f) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted;
(g) for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units, Participant’s status as a Service Provider will be considered terminated as of
the date Participant is no longer actively providing services to the Company or any Participating Company (regardless of
the reason for such termination and whether or not later to be found invalid or in breach of applicable laws in the
jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement (including
by reference in the Grant Notice to other arrangements or contracts) or determined by the Administrator, Participant’s right
to vest in the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any
notice period (e.g., Participant’s period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of “garden
leave” or similar period mandated under applicable laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the
terms of Participant’s service agreement, if any, unless Participant is providing bona fide services during such time); the
Company shall have the discretion to determine when Participant is no longer actively providing services for purposes of
the Restricted Stock Units grant;
(h) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits
evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Restricted Stock Units or any such benefits
transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any
corporate transaction affecting the Shares; and
(i) the following provisions apply only if Participant is providing services outside the United States:
i. the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are not part of normal or expected
compensation or salary for any purpose;
ii. the Company shall not be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Participant’s local currency and
the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Restricted Stock Units or of any amounts due to
Participant pursuant to the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units and any related Dividend Equivalents or the
subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon settlement; and
iii. no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units
resulting from the termination of Participant’s status as a Service Provider (for any reason whatsoever whether or
not later found to be invalid or in breach of applicable laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service
Provider).
 5

12. No Advice Regarding Grant. The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making
any recommendations regarding Participant’s participation in the Plan, or Participant’s acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares.
Participant understands that there may be adverse tax consequences as a result of Participant’s participation in the Plan, including the
receipt or disposition of the Shares issued as payment for the vested Restricted Stock Units. Participant acknowledges that he or she
should consult with a tax, legal or financial consultant, that he or she has had the opportunity to consult with any such consultants that
Participant deems advisable in connection with the receipt or disposition of the Shares, and that Participant is not relying on the Company
for any tax advice.
13. Data Privacy Notice. Participant hereby acknowledges that the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of
Participant’s personal data as described in this Agreement and any other Restricted Stock Unit grant materials by the Company and
any Participating Company is necessary for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Participant’s
participation in the Plan.
Participant understands that the Company and any Participating Company may hold certain personal information about
Participant, including, but not limited to, Participant’s name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social
insurance, passport or other identification number (e.g., resident registration number), rate of remuneration, nationality, job title, any
Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded,
canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant’s favor (“Data”), for the exclusive purpose of implementing,
administering and managing the Plan.
Participant understands that Data will be transferred to E*Trade from Morgan Stanley and its related companies
(“E*TRADE”) or any stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the Company
with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Participant understands that the recipients of the Data may be
located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients’ country of operation (e.g., the United States) may have different data
privacy laws and protections than Participant’s country. Participant understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he
or she may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting his or her local human
resources representative. The Company, E*TRADE, any stock plan service provider selected by the Company and any other possible
recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan may
receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering
and managing his or her participation in the Plan. Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to
implement, administer and manage Participant’s participation in the Plan. Participant understands if he or she resides outside the
United States, he or she may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require
any necessary amendments to Data or make any other applicable data subject requests, in any case without cost, by contacting in
writing his or her local human resources
 6

representative. For more information, Participant may contact his or her local human resources representative.
14. Address for Notices. Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms of this Agreement will be addressed to the
Company, in care of Global Equity Plan Services Department, at Salesforce, Inc., Salesforce Tower, 415 Mission Street, 3 Floor, San
Francisco, CA 94105, or at such other address as the Company may hereafter designate in writing.
15. Grant is Not Transferable. This grant of Restricted Stock Units and the rights and privileges conferred hereby will not be
sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred or disposed of in any way (whether by operation of law or otherwise) and will not be
subject to sale under execution, attachment or similar process, until Participant has been issued the Shares. Upon any attempt to sell,
pledge, assign, hypothecate, transfer or otherwise dispose of this grant, or any right or privilege conferred hereby, or upon any attempted
sale under any execution, attachment or similar process, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby immediately will
become null and void.
16. Restrictions on Sale of Securities. Any sale of the Shares issued under this Agreement will be subject to any market
blackout-period that may be imposed by the Company and must comply with the Company’s insider trading policies, and any other
Applicable Laws.
17. Binding Agreement. Subject to the limitation on the transferability of this grant contained herein, this Agreement will be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto.
18. Additional Conditions to Issuance of Certificates for Shares. If at any time the Company will determine, in its discretion,
that the listing, registration, qualification or rule compliance of the Shares upon any securities exchange or under any state, federal or
foreign law, the tax code and related regulations or under the rulings or regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission or any other governmental regulatory body or the clearance, consent or approval of the United States Securities and
Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory authority is necessary or desirable as a condition to the issuance of Shares
to Participant (or his or her estate) hereunder, such issuance will not occur unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, rule
compliance, clearance, consent or approval will have been completed, effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the
Company. Subject to the terms of the Agreement and the Plan, the Company shall not be required to issue any certificate or certificates
for Shares hereunder prior to the lapse of such reasonable period of time following the date of vesting of the Restricted Stock Units as the
Administrator may establish from time to time for reasons of administrative convenience.
19. Plan Governs. This Agreement and the Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder are subject to all the terms and provisions
of the Plan. In the event of a conflict between one or more provisions of this Agreement and one or more provisions of the Plan, the
provisions of the
rd
 7

Plan will govern. Capitalized terms used and not defined in this Agreement will have the meaning set forth in the Plan.
20. Administrator Authority. The Administrator will have the power to interpret the Plan and this Agreement and to adopt such
rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules
(including, but not limited to, the determination of whether or not any Restricted Stock Units have vested). All actions taken and all
interpretations and determinations made by the Administrator in good faith will be final and binding upon Participant, the Company and
all other interested persons. No member of the Administrator will be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made
in good faith with respect to the Plan or this Agreement.
21. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to
Restricted Stock Units awarded under the Plan or future Restricted Stock Units that may be awarded under the Plan by electronic means
or request Participant’s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by
electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through any on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the
Company or a third party designated by the Company. To the extent Participant executes the Grant Notice by electronic means,
Participant should retain a copy of his or her returned electronically signed Agreement. Participant may obtain a paper copy at any time
and at the Company’s expense by requesting one from Global Equity Plan Services Department (see paragraph 14 of these Terms and
Conditions).
22. English Language Consent. By accepting this Award of Restricted Stock Units, Participant acknowledges and represents that
he or she is proficient in the English language or has consulted with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in English as to allow
Participant to understand the terms of this Agreement and any other documents related to the Plan. If Participant has received this
Agreement or any other documents related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of translated
version is different from the English version, the English version shall control, unless otherwise required by Applicable Laws.
23. Captions. Captions provided herein are for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction
of this Agreement.
24. Agreement Severable. In the event that any provision in this Agreement will be held invalid or unenforceable, such provision
will be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of
this Agreement.
25. Governing Law and Venue. This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the state of
California without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this
Award of Restricted Stock Units or this Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of California,
and agree that such litigation will be conducted in the courts of San Francisco County, California, or the federal courts for the United
States for the
 8

Northern District of California, and no other courts, where this Award of Restricted Stock Units is made and/or to be performed.
26. Modifications to the Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the parties on the subjects covered.
Participant expressly warrants that he or she is not accepting this Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements
other than those contained herein. Modifications to this Agreement can be made only in an express written contract executed by a duly
authorized officer of the Company; provided that any such modification that is adverse to Participant will not be effective unless
Participant consents in writing to the modification. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Agreement, the Company
reserves the right to amend this Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of
Participant, to comply with Section 409A of the Code or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under
Section 409A of the Code prior to the actual payment of Shares pursuant to this Award of Restricted Stock Units, or if necessary to
comply with any applicable laws in the jurisdiction in which Participant resides and/or is rendering services. In no event will the
Company pay or reimburse Participant for any taxes or other costs imposed in connection with the Restricted Stock Units under Section
409A or otherwise.
27. Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan. By accepting this Award, Participant expressly warrants that he or she
has received an Award of Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, and that he or she has received, read and understood a description of the
Plan. Participant understands that the Plan is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the
Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan.
28. Waiver. Participant acknowledges that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not
operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by Participant or any other
Participant.
29. Country Addendum. Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Restricted Stock Unit grant shall be subject to
any additional terms and conditions set forth in any appendix to this Agreement for Participant’s country (the “Country Addendum”).
Moreover, if Participant relocates to one of the countries included in the Country Addendum, the additional terms and conditions for such
country will apply to Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or
advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Country Addendum constitutes part of this Agreement.
30. Insider Trading and Market Abuse Laws. Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse laws
based on the exchange on which the Shares are listed and in applicable jurisdictions, including the United States, Participant’s country
and any stock plan service provider’s country, which may affect Participant’s ability to acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of Shares, rights
to Shares (e.g., Restricted Stock Units) or rights linked to the value of Shares during such times as Participant is considered to have
material non-public information or “inside information” regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in applicable jurisdictions).
Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders Participant placed before he or she
possessed inside information. Furthermore, Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any
 9

third party, including fellow service providers (other than on a “need to know” basis), and (ii) “tipping” third parties or causing them
otherwise to buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions
that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. Participant acknowledges that it is his or her responsibility to
comply with any applicable restrictions, and Participant should speak to his or her personal advisor on this matter.
31. Foreign Asset or Account and Exchange Control Reporting. Participant’s country may have certain exchange controls and
foreign asset or account reporting requirements that may affect his or her ability to purchase or hold Shares under the Plan or receive cash
from his or her participation in the Plan (including from any dividends or Dividend Equivalents received or sale proceeds arising from the
sale of Shares) in a brokerage or bank account outside Participant’s country. Participant may be required to report such accounts, assets or
transactions to the tax or other authorities in his or her country. Further, Participant may be required to repatriate proceeds acquired as a
result of participating in the Plan to his or her country through a designated bank or broker or within a certain time. Participant
acknowledges and agrees that it is his or her responsibility to be compliant with such regulations and understands that Participant should
speak with his or her personal legal advisor for any details regarding any foreign asset or account reporting or exchange control reporting
requirements in Participant’s country arising out of his or her participation in the Plan.
 10

Exhibit 10.12
Salesforce, Inc.
Salesforce Tower
415 Mission Street, 3 Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105
Notice of Grant of Stock Options and Terms and Conditions
of Stock Options (together,
with the exhibits and appendices thereto,
the “Agreement”)
NAME:
ADDRESS:
AWARD NUMBER:
PLAN: 2014 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan
EMPLOYEE ID:
Grant Date:
Option Type: Stock Option
Total Shares Granted:
Exercise Price/Share:
Total Option Price:
Vest Commencement Date:
Expiration Date:
Effective on the grant date indicated above (the “Grant Date”), you have been granted an option to purchase the number of shares of
Salesforce, Inc. (the “Company”) common stock indicated above (the “Option”) at the exercise price per share indicated above. The Option is
intended as a material inducement to your becoming an Employee.
Vesting Schedule/Expiration:
Subject to any acceleration provisions contained in the Plan, the Option will vest and remain exercisable thereafter based upon the following
schedule and according to the Terms and Conditions of Stock Options attached hereto (subject to earlier termination as provided in paragraphs 2 and 3
of the Terms and Conditions of Stock Options):
rd
1

The Option granted hereunder (including the Vesting Schedule above) is subject to the terms and conditions of any change of control,
retention and/or other agreement entered into between you and the Company (whether entered into before, on or after the Grant Date).
By signifying my acceptance below (either by my electronic signature or acceptance or by my written signature), I agree that the Option is
granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the 2014 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”) and the Agreement (including this
Notice of Grant of Stock Options, the Terms and Conditions of Stock Options and any exhibits or appendices thereto), all of which are attached and
made a part of this package. I understand that additional important terms and conditions, including regarding vesting and forfeiture, of this Option are
contained in the rest of the Agreement and in the Plan. In particular, I acknowledge the data privacy notice provisions included in paragraph 12
of the Terms and Conditions of Stock Options.
I agree to notify the Company upon any change in my residence address indicated above.
By clicking the “ACCEPT” button, you agree to the following: “This electronic contract contains my electronic signature, which I have
executed with the intent to sign this Agreement.”
If you prefer not to electronically sign or accept this Agreement, you may accept this Agreement by signing a paper copy of the Agreement
and delivering it to Global Equity Plan Services Department.
Signature
Date
2

SALESFORCE, INC.
STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF STOCK OPTIONS
1. Grant of Option. The Company hereby grants to the individual named in the Notice of Grant (the “Participant”) an option (the
“Option”) to purchase the number of Shares, as set forth in the Notice of Grant of Stock Options (the “Notice of Grant”), at the exercise price per
Share set forth in the Notice of Grant (the “Exercise Price”), subject to all of the terms and conditions in this Agreement and the Salesforce, Inc. 2014
Inducement Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”), which is incorporated herein by reference. Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the
Plan will have the same defined meanings in this Stock Option Agreement (the “Agreement”), which includes the Notice of Grant and Terms and
Conditions of Stock Option Grant and all exhibits to the Agreement. This Option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option that is not intended to qualify as an
Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”).
2. Vesting Schedule. Except as otherwise provided in paragraph 4 and subject to any acceleration provisions contained in the Plan or set
forth in this Agreement, the Option awarded by this Agreement will vest and be exercisable, in whole or in part, in accordance with the vesting
provisions set forth in the Notice of Grant. Shares scheduled to vest on a certain date or upon the occurrence of a certain condition will not vest in
accordance with any of the provisions of this Agreement, unless Participant will have been continuously a Service Provider from the Grant Date until
the date such vesting occurs. Notwithstanding anything in this paragraph 2 to the contrary, and except as otherwise provided by the Administrator or
as required by Applicable Laws, vesting of the Option shall be suspended during any unpaid personal leave of absence other than a Companyapproved sabbatical and other than military leave such that vesting shall cease on the first (1st) day of any such unpaid personal leave of absence and
shall only recommence upon return to active service; provided, however, that no vesting credit will be awarded for the time vesting has been
suspended during such leave of absence.
3. Termination Period.
(a) Generally. The Option will be exercisable until 5:00pm local Pacific Time on the ninetieth (90th) day after the date
Participant ceases to be a Service Provider for reasons other than Cause or Participant’s death or Disability. In the event Participant ceases to be a
Service Provider due to Participant’s death or Disability, the Option will be exercisable until the close of business on the one (1) year anniversary of
the date Participant ceases to be a Service Provider. Participant’s status as a Service Provider shall be deemed to have terminated on account of death
if Participant dies within ninety (90) days after the date Participant ceases to be a Service Provider. In the event Participant ceases to be a Service
Provider due to Cause, the Option will terminate and cease to be exercisable immediately upon the date Participant ceases to be a Service Provider.
For purposes of the Option, Participant’s engagement as a Service Provider will be considered terminated as of the date that Participant is no longer
actively providing services to the Company or any Participating Company (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later
found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of Participant’s
employment or engagement agreement, if any), and, unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement (including by reference in the Notice of
Grant to other arrangements or contracts) or determined by the Administrator, (i) Participant’s right to vest in the Option under the Plan, if any, will
terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period (e.g., Participant’s period of service would not include any contractual notice
period or any period of “garden leave” or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider
or Participant’s employment or engagement agreement, if any, unless Participant is providing bona fide services during such time), and (ii) the period
(if any) during which Participant may exercise the Option after such termination of Participant’s engagement as a Service Provider will commence on
the date Participant ceases to actively provide services and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under employment laws in the
jurisdiction where Participant is employed or terms of Participant’s employment or engagement
1

agreement, if any; the Company shall have the discretion to determine when Participant is no longer actively providing services for purposes of the
Option (including whether Participant may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence).
(b) Extension if Exercise Prevented by Law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (i) Participant ceases to be a Service Provider for
reasons other than as a result of Cause and (ii) the exercise of the Option within the applicable time periods set forth in paragraph 3(a) is prevented by
Section 26 of the Plan, the Option shall remain exercisable until the close of business of the ninetieth (90th) day after the date Participant is notified
by the Company that the Option is exercisable, but in any event no later than the expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in the Notice of
Grant.
(c) Extension if Participant Subject to Section 16(b). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (i) Participant ceases to be a Service
Provider for reasons other than as a result of Cause and (ii) a sale within the applicable time periods set forth in paragraph 3(a) of Shares acquired
upon the exercise of the Option would subject Participant to suit under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, the Option shall remain exercisable until
the earliest to occur of (x) the close of business of the tenth (10th) day following the date on which a sale of such Shares by Participant would no
longer be subject to such suit or (y) the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Notice of Grant.
(d) Limitations. Notwithstanding anything in Sections 3(a), (b), or (c) to the contrary, in no event may the Option be exercised after the
close business on the expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in the Notice of Grant, and may be subject to earlier termination as provided in
Sections 15(b) and (c) of the Plan.
4. Administrator Discretion. The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the vesting of the balance, or some lesser portion of the
balance, of the unvested Option at any time, subject to the terms of the Plan. If so accelerated, such Option will be considered as having vested as of
the date specified by the Administrator.
5. Exercise of Option.
(a) Right to Exercise. This Option may be exercised only within the term set out in the Notice of Grant, and may be exercised
during such term only in accordance with the Plan and the terms of this Agreement.
(b) Method of Exercise. This Option is exercisable in a manner and pursuant to such procedures as the Company may determine,
which may include (but is not limited to) by notification to E*Trade from Morgan Stanley and any of its affiliated companies (“E*TRADE”), or such
other stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, or by delivery of an exercise notice to the Company, in the form
attached as Exhibit C (either, the “Exercise Notice”). Any Exercise Notice must state the election to exercise the Option, the number of Shares in
respect of which the Option is being exercised (the “Exercised Shares”), and such other representations and agreements as may be required by the
Company pursuant to the provisions of the Plan. The Exercise Notice will be accompanied by payment or instructions for payment of the aggregate
Exercise Price as to all Exercised Shares. This Option will be deemed to be exercised upon receipt by the Company or any agent designated by the
Company of such fully executed Exercise Notice accompanied by the aggregate Exercise Price (or instructions for payment thereof). This Option may
not be exercised for a fraction of a Share and the Company will not issue fractional Shares upon exercise of this Option.
6. Method of Payment. Payment of the aggregate Exercise Price will be by any of the following, or a combination thereof, at the election
of Participant:
(a) cash;
(b) check;
2

(c) consideration received by the Company under a formal cashless exercise program (whether through a broker, net exercise
program or otherwise) adopted by the Company in connection with the Plan;
(d) if Participant is a U.S. Employee, surrender of other Shares which have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to
the aggregate Exercise Price of the Exercised Shares, provided that accepting such Shares, in the sole discretion of the Administrator, will not result in
any adverse accounting consequences to the Company; or
(e) by such other consideration as may be approved by the Administrator from time to time to the extent permitted by Applicable
Laws.
7. Tax Obligations.
(a) Responsibility for Taxes. Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, the
Participating Company employing or retaining Participant (the “Employer”), the ultimate liability for Tax Obligations is and remains Participant’s
responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. Participant further acknowledges that the
Company and/or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax Obligations in connection with any
aspect of the Option, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or exercise of the Option, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such
exercise and the receipt of any dividends or other distributions, and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the
grant or any aspect of the Option to reduce or eliminate Participant’s liability for Tax Obligations or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if
Participant is subject to Tax Obligations in more than one jurisdiction, Participant acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (or former
employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax Obligations in more than one jurisdiction. If Participant fails to make
satisfactory arrangements for the payment of any required Tax Obligations hereunder at the time of the applicable taxable event, Participant
acknowledges and agrees that the Company may refuse to honor the exercise and refuse to deliver the Shares or the proceeds from the sale of the
Shares.
(b) Withholding of Taxes. In connection with any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Participant agrees to
make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or the Employer to satisfy all Tax Obligations. In this regard, Participant authorizes the
Company and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy their withholding obligations or rights with regard to all Tax
Obligations, if any, by withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired at exercise of the Option either through a voluntary sale or through a
mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on Participant’s behalf pursuant to this authorization) without further consent. Alternatively, the Company,
or the Employer, or their respective agents, in their sole discretion and pursuant to such procedures as they may specify from time to time, may satisfy
their withholding obligations or rights with regard to all Tax Obligations, if any, in whole or in part (without limitation) by (i) requiring Participant to
deliver cash or a check to the Company or the Employer, (ii) withholding from Participant’s wages or other cash compensation paid to Participant by
the Company and/or the Employer, or (iii) reducing the number of Shares otherwise deliverable to Participant; provided, however, that if Participant is
a Section 16 officer of the Company under the Exchange Act, then the Company will withhold from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired at
exercise of the Option, unless the use of such withholding method is inadvisable under Applicable Laws or has materially adverse accounting
consequences, in which case, the withholding obligation or right for Tax Obligations, if any, may be satisfied by one or a combination of methods (i)
and (ii) above, or at the election of Participant, by method (iii). For avoidance of doubt, if Participant is a non-U.S. employee, payment of Tax
Obligations may not be effectuated by surrender of other Shares with a Fair Market Value equal to the amount of any Tax Obligations. Further,
depending on the withholding method, the Company or the Employer may withhold or account for Tax Obligations by considering statutory or other
withholding rates, including minimum or maximum rates applicable in Participant’s jurisdiction(s). In the event of over-withholding, Participant may
receive a refund from the Company of any over-withheld amount in cash (with no entitlement to the equivalent in Common Stock), or if not refunded
by the Company, Participant may need to seek a refund from the local tax authorities to the extent Participant wishes to recover the over-withheld
amount in the form of a refund); provided, however, that where the application of maximum
3

rates would, in the Company’s determination, result in adverse accounting consequences to the Company, the Company shall withhold only amounts
sufficient to meet the minimum statutory Tax Obligations required to be withheld or remitted with respect to the Option.
(c) Code Section 409A. Under Code Section 409A, an option that vests after December 31, 2004 (or that vested on or prior to
such date but which was materially modified after October 3, 2004) that was granted with a per Share Exercise Price that is determined by the Internal
Revenue Service (the “IRS”) to be less than the fair market value of a Share on the Grant Date (a “Discount Option”) may be considered “deferred
compensation.” For a Participant who is or becomes subject to U.S. Federal income taxation, a Discount Option may result in (i) income recognition
by Participant prior to the exercise of the option, (ii) an additional twenty percent (20%) federal income tax, and (iii) potential penalty and interest
charges. The Discount Option may also result in additional state income, penalty and interest charges to Participant. Participant acknowledges that the
Company cannot and has not guaranteed that the IRS will agree that the per Share Exercise Price of this Option equals or exceeds the Fair Market
Value of a Share on the Grant Date in a later examination. Participant agrees that if the IRS determines that the Option was granted with a per Share
exercise price that was less than the Fair Market Value of a Share on the Grant Date, Participant will be solely responsible for Participant’s costs
related to such a determination, if any.
8. Rights as Stockholder. Neither Participant nor any person claiming under or through Participant will have any of the rights or
privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until certificates representing such Shares
(which may be in book entry form) will have been issued, recorded on the records of the Company or its transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to
Participant (including through electronic delivery to a brokerage account). After such issuance, recordation and delivery, Participant will have all the
rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to voting such Shares and receipt of dividends and distributions on such Shares.
9. No Guarantee of Continued Service. PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF THE OPTION
PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT THE WILL OF
THE COMPANY (OR THE EMPLOYER) AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS OPTION OR
ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER. PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS AGREEMENT, THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS A SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY
PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND WILL NOT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH ANY RIGHT OF PARTICIPANT OR OF THE COMPANY (OR THE
EMPLOYER) TO TERMINATE PARTICIPANT’S RELATIONSHIP AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE.
10. Nature of Grant. In accepting the Option, Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that:
(a) the grant of the Option is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive
future grants of options, or benefits in lieu of options, even if options have been granted in the past;
(b) all decisions with respect to future option or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company;
(c) Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan;
(d) the Option and any Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not intended to replace any
pension rights or compensation;
(e) unless otherwise agreed with the Company, the Option and the Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income from and
value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service Participant may provide as a director of a Subsidiary or an
Affiliate;
4

(f) the Option and Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not part of normal or expected
compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, holiday pay,
bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar mandatory payments;
(g) the future value of the Shares underlying the Option is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted;
(h) if the Shares underlying the Option do not increase in value, the Option will have no value;
(i) if Participant exercises the Option and acquires Shares, the value of such Shares may increase or decrease in value, even
below the Exercise Price;
(j) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the Option and the benefits evidenced by this
Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Option or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor to be exchanged,
cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Shares; and
(k) the following provisions apply only if Participant is providing services outside the United States:
(i) the Option and the Shares subject to the Option are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose;
(ii) none of the Company, the Employer or any other Participating Company shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate
fluctuation between Participant’s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Option or of
any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the exercise of the Option or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon
exercise; and
(iii) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Option resulting from the
termination of Participant’s engagement as a Service Provider (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to
be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of
Participant’s employment or engagement agreement, if any).
11. No Advice Regarding Grant. The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any
recommendations regarding Participant’s participation in the Plan, or Participant’s acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. Participant understands
that there may be adverse tax consequences as a result of Participant’s participation in the Plan, including the exercise of the Option or the disposition
of the Shares subject to the Option. Participant acknowledges that he or she should consult with a tax, legal or financial consultant, that he or she has
had the opportunity to consult with any such consultants that Participant deems advisable in connection with the receipt or disposition of the Shares,
and that Participant is not relying on the Company for any tax advice.
12. Data Privacy. Participant hereby acknowledges that the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Participant’s
personal data as described in this Agreement and any other Option grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and
any Subsidiary or Af iliate, is necessary for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Participant’s participation in the
Plan.
Participant understands that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about Participant, including, but not
limited to, Participant’s name, home address and
5

telephone number, email address, date of birth, social insurance, passport or other identification number (e.g., resident registration number),
salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Options or any other entitlement to Shares awarded,
canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant’s favor (“Data”), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and
managing the Plan.
Participant understands that Data will be transferred to E*TRADE or any stock plan service provider as may be selected by the
Company in the future, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Participant
understands that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients’ country of operation (e.g., the
United States) may have dif erent data privacy laws and protections than Participant’s country. Participant understands that if he or she resides
outside the United States, he or she may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting his or her
local human resources representative. The Company, E*TRADE, any stock plan service provider selected by the Company and any other possible
recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan may receive,
possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing his or
her participation in the Plan. Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage
Participant’s participation in the Plan. Participant understands if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may, at any time, view
Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or make any other
applicable data subject requests, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing his or her local human resources representative. For more
information, Participant may contact his or her local human resources representative.
13. Address for Notices. Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms of this Agreement will be addressed to the Company, in
care of Global Equity Plan Services Department, at Salesforce, Inc., Salesforce Tower, 415 Mission Street, 3 Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105, or at
such other address as the Company may hereafter designate in writing.
14. Non-Transferability of Option. This Option may not be transferred in any manner otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent or
distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of Participant only by Participant.
15. Binding Agreement. Subject to the limitation on the transferability of this grant contained herein, this Agreement will be binding upon
and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto.
16. Additional Conditions to Issuance of Certificates for Shares. If at any time the Company will determine, in its discretion, that the
listing, registration, qualification or rule compliance of the Shares upon any securities exchange or under any state, federal or foreign law, the tax code
and related regulations under the rulings or regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental
regulatory body or the clearance, consent or approval of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory
authority is necessary or desirable as a condition to the purchase by, or issuance of Shares to, Participant (or his or her estate) hereunder, such
purchase or issuance will not occur unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, rule compliance, clearance, consent or approval will have
been completed, effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. Assuming such compliance, for income tax purposes the
Exercised Shares will be considered transferred to Participant on the date the Option is exercised with respect to such Exercised Shares.
rd
6

17. Plan Governs. This Agreement and the Option granted hereunder are subject to all terms and provisions of the Plan. In the event of a
conflict between one or more provisions of this Agreement and one or more provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. Capitalized
terms used and not defined in this Agreement will have the meaning set forth in the Plan.
18. Administrator Authority. The Administrator will have the power to interpret the Plan and this Agreement and to adopt such rules for
the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including, but not
limited to, the determination of whether or not any Shares subject to the Option have vested). All actions taken and all interpretations and
determinations made by the Administrator in good faith will be final and binding upon Participant, the Company and all other interested persons. No
member of the Administrator will be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or this
Agreement.
19. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to Options
awarded under the Plan or future options that may be awarded under the Plan by electronic means or request Participant’s consent to participate in the
Plan by electronic means. Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through
any on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. To the extent Participant
executes the Notice of Stock Option Grant by electronic means, Participant should retain a copy of his or her returned electronically signed
Agreement. Participant may obtain a paper copy at any time and at the Company’s expense by requesting one from Global Equity Plan Services
Department (see paragraph 13 of these Terms and Conditions).
20. English Language Consent. By accepting the Option, Participant acknowledges and represents that he or she is proficient in the
English language or has consulted with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in English as to allow Participant to understand the terms of this
Agreement and any other documents related to the Plan. If Participant has received this Agreement or any other documents related to the Plan
translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of translated version is different from the English version, the English version shall
control, unless otherwise required by Applicable Laws.
21. Captions. Captions provided herein are for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this
Agreement.
22. Agreement Severable. In the event that any provision in this Agreement will be held invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be
severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of this Agreement.
23. Governing Law and Venue. This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the state of California,
without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this Option or this Agreement,
the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of California, and agree that such litigation will be conducted in the courts of
San Francisco County, California, or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California, and no other courts, where this
Option is made and/or to be performed.
24. Modifications to the Agreement. Participant expressly warrants that he or she is not accepting this Agreement in reliance on any
promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained herein. Modifications to this Agreement can be made only in an express written
contract executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Agreement, the Company
reserves the right to amend this Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of Participant, to comply
with Section 409A of the Code or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Section 409A of the Code in
connection with the Option, or if necessary to comply with any applicable laws in the jurisdiction in which Participant resides and/or is rendering
services.
7

25. Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan. By accepting this Award, Participant expressly warrants that he or she has
received an “Option” under the Plan, and has received, read and understood a description of the Plan. Participant understands that the Plan is
discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time to the extent permitted by the Plan.
26. Waiver. Participant acknowledges that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be
construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by Participant or any other Participant.
27. Legends. The Company may at any time place legends referencing restrictions imposed by any Applicable Laws on all certificates
representing Shares subject to the provisions of this Agreement.
28. Country Addendum. Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Option grant shall be subject to any additional terms and
conditions for Participant’s country set forth in the Country Addendum attached to this Agreement (the “Country Addendum”). Moreover, if
Participant relocates to one of the countries included in the Country Addendum, the additional terms and conditions for such country will apply to
Participant to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative
reasons. The Country Addendum constitutes part of this Agreement.
29. Insider Trading and Market Abuse Laws. Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse laws based on
the exchange on which the Shares are listed and in applicable jurisdictions, including the United States, Participant’s country and any stock plan
service provider’s country, which may affect Participant’s ability to acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of Shares, rights to Shares (e.g., the Option) or
rights linked to the value of Shares during such times as Participant is considered to have material non-public information or “inside information”
regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in applicable jurisdictions). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or
amendment of orders Participant placed before he or she possessed inside information. Furthermore, Participant could be prohibited from
(i) disclosing the inside information to any third party, including fellow employees (other than on a “need to know” basis), and (ii) “tipping” third
parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any
restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. Participant acknowledges that it is his or her responsibility to
comply with any applicable restrictions, and Participant should speak to his or her personal advisor on this matter.
30. Foreign Asset or Account and Exchange Control Reporting. Participant’s country may have certain exchange controls and foreign
asset or account reporting requirements that may affect his or her ability to purchase or hold Shares under the Plan or receive cash from his or her
participation in the Plan (including from any dividends received or sale proceeds arising from the sale of Shares) in a brokerage or bank account
outside Participant’s country. Participant may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax or other authorities in his or her
country. Further, Participant may be required to repatriate proceeds acquired as a result of participating in the Plan to his or her country through a
designated bank or broker or within a certain time. Participant acknowledges and agrees that it is his or her responsibility to be compliant with such
regulations and understands that Participant should speak with his or her personal legal advisor for any details regarding any foreign asset or account
reporting or exchange control reporting requirements in Participant’s country arising out of his or her participation in the Plan.
8

EXHIBIT C
SALESFORCE, INC.
2014 INDUCEMENT EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
EXERCISE NOTICE
Salesforce, Inc.
Salesforce Tower
415 Mission Street, 3 Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105
Attention: Global Equity Plan Services Department
1. Exercise of Option. Effective as of today, ________________, _____, the undersigned (“Purchaser”) hereby elects to purchase
______________ shares (the “Shares”) of the Common Stock of Salesforce, Inc. (the “Company”) under and pursuant to the 2014 Inducement Equity
Incentive Plan (the “Plan”) and the Stock Option Agreement dated ________ (the “Agreement”). The purchase price for the Shares will be
$_____________, as required by the Agreement.
2. Delivery of Payment. Purchaser herewith delivers to the Company the full purchase price of the Shares and any Tax Obligations (as
defined in paragraph 7(a) of the Agreement) to be paid in connection with the exercise of the Option.
3. Representations of Purchaser. Purchaser acknowledges that Purchaser has received, read and understood the Plan and the Agreement
and agrees to abide by and be bound by their terms and conditions.
4. Rights as Stockholder. Until the issuance (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized
transfer agent of the Company) of the Shares, no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder will exist with respect to the
Shares subject to the Option, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Shares so acquired will be issued to Purchaser as soon as practicable
after exercise of the Option. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date of issuance, except
as provided in Section 15 of the Plan.
5. Restriction on Sale of Securities. Any sale of the Shares issued under this Agreement will be subject to any market black-out period
that may be imposed by the Company and must comply with the Company’s insider trading policies, and any other Applicable Laws.
6. Tax Consultation. Purchaser understands that Purchaser may suffer adverse tax consequences as a result of Purchaser’s purchase or
disposition of the Shares. Purchaser represents that Purchaser has consulted with any tax consultants Purchaser deems advisable in connection with
the purchase or disposition of the Shares and that Purchaser is not relying on the Company for any tax advice.
7. Entire Agreement; Governing Law. The Plan and Agreement are incorporated herein by reference. This Exercise Notice, the Plan and
the Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior
undertakings and agreements of the Company and Purchaser with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the
Purchaser’s interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and Purchaser. This agreement is governed by the internal substantive laws,
but not the choice of law rules, of the State of California.
rd
1

Submitted by: Accepted by:
PURCHASER SALESFORCE, INC.
Signature By
Print Name Its
Address:
Date Received
2

Exhibit 10.22
Salesforce, Inc.
Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy
(Approved by the Board of Directors on December 13, 2023)
Current Directors – RSU Award. Each non-employee director of Salesforce, Inc. (the “Company”) receives a Restricted Stock Unit
award (“RSU Award”), with a grant date fair value of approximately $375,000 (the “RSU Award Value”).
• Grant Date: The RSU Award will be granted on the first day of the fiscal year for non-employee directors in service as of that
date.
• Number of RSUs: The number of shares of Company common stock (“Common Stock”) subject to the RSU Award will be equal
to the RSU Award Value divided by the closing sales price of Common Stock on the grant date (or if not a trading day, the
preceding trading day), rounded down to the nearest whole share.
• Vesting: The RSU Award will vest in four equal installments on February 22, May 22, August 22, and November 22 of the year of
grant (each, a “Quarterly Vest Date”), subject to each non-employee director’s continued service as a non-employee director
through each applicable vesting date.
New Directors – RSU Award.
• Grant Date: For any non-employee directors who join the Board after the beginning of the applicable fiscal year, the RSU Award
for that fiscal year will be granted on the first day of the month following effectiveness of that director’s appointment or election
to the Board.
• Grant Amount: Non-employee directors who join the Board after the first day of the fiscal year will receive a pro-rated RSU
Award (the “Pro-Rated RSU Award”). The value of the Pro-Rated RSU Award will be equal to the RSU Award Value multiplied
by a fraction, with the numerator equal to the number of days remaining in the fiscal year including and following the effective
date of appointment or election, and the denominator equal to 365 (the “Pro-Rated RSU Award Value”).
The number of shares of Common Stock subject to the Pro-Rated RSU Award will be equal to the applicable Pro-Rated RSU
Award Value divided by the closing sales price of Common Stock on the grant date (or if not a trading day, the preceding trading
day), rounded down to the nearest whole share.
• Vesting: For non-employee directors who join the Board after the first day of the fiscal year, the Pro-Rated RSU Award will vest
in equal installments on each of the remaining Quarterly Vest Dates following the grant date of the Pro-Rated RSU Award as
follows, in each case subject to the non-employee director’s continued service as a non-employee director through each
applicable vesting date. If all fiscal year Quarterly Vest Dates have occurred as of the grant date, then the Pro-Rated RSU Award
will vest entirely on the first Quarterly Vest Date of the next fiscal year. For example:
o If a non-employee director joins the Board effective March 1, the Pro-Rated RSU Award would be granted on April 1 and
would vest in equal installments on May 22, August 22, and November 22.

o If a non-employee director joins the Board effective June 15, the Pro-Rated RSU Award would be granted on July 1 and
would vest in equal installments on August 22 and November 22.
o If a non-employee director joins the Board effective December 1, the Pro-Rated RSU Award would be granted on January 1
and would vest entirely on February 22 of the next fiscal year.
Departing Directors – RSU Award. For any non-employee directors who, at or before the time of grant, have notified the Company that
they do not intend to stand for re-election at the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders, the RSU Award Value will be pro-rated to be 50%
of the RSU Award Value that would otherwise apply. The RSU Award for such directors will vest in two equal installments, on February
22 and May 22, subject to the non-employee director’s continued service as a non-employee director through each applicable vesting
date.
Cash Fees. Each non-employee director serving in any of the roles listed below will also receive annual cash fees in the amounts set
forth below. Annual cash fees will be paid in quarterly installments that generally will be paid on or about the first business day of each
fiscal quarter.
Board Leadership Role Annual Cash Fee
Lead Independent Director $150,000
Chair of the Audit and Finance Committee (the “Audit Committee”) $50,000
Chair of the Compensation Committee (the “Compensation Committee”) $50,000
Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
(the “Governance Committee”)
$50,000
Chair of a permanent committee of the Board, other than the Audit Committee, the Compensation
Committee, and the Governance Committee
$25,000

Exhibit 10.26
AMENDMENT TO TRANSITION AGREEMENT DATED AUGUST 28, 2024
Salesforce, Inc. (the "Company") and Amy Weaver (together, the “Parties”) hereby amend the Transition Agreement dated August 28,
2024 (the "Agreement") as follows: (i) Ms. Weaver will continue in the role of Chief Financial Officer of the Company through March
20, 2025 and; (ii) March 21, 2025 will be the new Transition Date for purposes of the Agreement and the date she will become Special
Advisor to the CEO. Further, if Ms. Weaver provides notification of early termination of the Transition Period pursuant to Section III.B.
of the Agreement, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section III.B of the Agreement, in exchange for providing two
months of continued Services, as reasonably requested, to the Company as an independent contractor following the Separation Date, Ms.
Weaver’s then-outstanding options and RSUs shall continue to vest for the duration of the two-month period in accordance with their
terms.
/s/ Amy Weaver 3/4/2025
Amy Weaver Date
/s/ Sabastian V. Niles 3/4/2025
Sabastian V. Niles Date

Exhibit 19
Insider Trading Policy
Policy Purpose
To prevent the violation of applicable insider trading laws, including specifically to prevent trading based on material non-public information,
Salesforce, Inc. has adopted this Insider Trading Policy, which supersedes all prior insider trading policies.
Additional details on how to interpret this policy are available in the Insider Trading Guidelines, as may be updated from time to time.
Please direct all questions to insidertradingquestions@salesforce.com.
Target Audience
All employees, directors, officers, contractors, and consultants of Salesforce and its subsidiaries (Personnel) must comply with this policy and all
applicable insider trading laws and regulations. Certain family members and controlled entities (each as defined below) of Personnel are also
restricted under this policy and applicable law.
Scope
This policy applies to all Salesforce business functions and departments worldwide.
Policy Description
Subject to the definitions and qualifications below, it is the policy of Salesforce that:
No Trading on Material Non-Public Information. No Personnel may engage in any transaction, either directly or indirectly, in Company securities
(including but not limited to purchases, sales, gifts and trust transactions) when the Personnel is aware of material non-public information concerning
the Company.
Quarterly Trading Windows. No Personnel may transact in Company securities when the Company’s quarterly trading window is closed. Details on
the quarterly trading window are provided in the Insider Trading Guidelines.
Ad Hoc No-Trade Periods. The Company reserves the right to impose additional trading blocks from time to time, in its sole discretion, in furtherance
of the purposes of this policy.
No Tipping. No Personnel may communicate material non-public information about the Company to anyone except other Personnel who require the
information to perform their business duties, or as may be compelled by law. For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of outside advisors, material nonpublic information may not be communicated unless the advisors are bound by confidentiality obligations to the Company and have a business need
to know.
No Recommendations. All Personnel must exercise extreme caution in expressing any opinions regarding Company securities in any context, and in
no event shall any Personnel recommend trading in Company securities, including to family members, while they are aware of material non-public
information about the Company.
1

Other Public Companies. No Personnel may transact in the securities of any other publicly listed company with which the Company has a
preexisting or prospective relationship (including business partners, customers, competitors, strategic investments, vendors and suppliers), while in
possession of material non-public information regarding such other company, provided such material non-public information arose in the course of
their employment or service with the Company.
Pre-Clearance. All Executive officers and members of the Salesforce, Inc. board of directors must obtain pre-clearance from the Legal Department
prior to any transactions in Company securities, regardless of whether the trading window is open. Certain other employees may be subject to
preclearance requirements from time to time in the discretion of the Legal Department.
No Derivatives Trading. No Personnel may purchase, sell or transact in derivative securities based on or which derive value in relation to the
Company’s equity or performance, other than derivatives granted pursuant to Company benefit plans. Derivatives include, but are not limited to, put
and call options, warrants, stock appreciation rights and similar rights whose value is derived from the value of any Company security.
No Short Selling. No Personnel may engage in short sales of the Company’s securities, including “sales against the box,” which means sales of
securities owned but not delivered against the sale.
No Hedging. No Personnel may engage in hedging or similar transactions designed to decrease the risk associated with holding the Company’s
securities.
No Pledging or Margin Accounts - Executive Officers and Directors. Executive officers and directors may not purchase Company securities on
margin, or borrow against any account in which Company securities are held or pledge Company securities as collateral for a loan.
Family Member and Controlled Entity Restrictions. Family members and controlled entities of Personnel may not transact in Company securities
when the trading window is closed or when they are aware of material non-public information about the Company.
Company Transactions. From time to time, the Company may engage in transactions in its own securities, including share issuances and
repurchases. The Company’s practices with respect to share issuances and repurchases, which are overseen by the Finance and Legal Departments
(and, if appropriate, approved by the board of directors or appropriate committee), are designed to promote compliance with applicable insider trading
and other securities laws, rules, regulations and listing standards. Transactions pursuant to equity-based compensation arrangements are conducted
in accordance with the terms of the plans and agreements.
Definitions
“Company securities” means shares of the Company’s common stock or other classes of stock that may be issued from time to time, options for
common or other classes of stock, restricted stock units including performance restricted stock units, debt securities issued by the Company, and any
other securities the Company may issue from time to time, as well as derivative securities relating to Company stock, whether or not issued by the
Company.
“Controlled entities” means corporations or other business entities whose transactions in securities Personnel or their family members control or
influence, and trusts for which Personnel are a trustee or in which Personnel have a beneficial or pecuniary interest.
2

“Executive officer” means Salesforce officers designated as “Section 16 officers” under Rule 16a-1(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
“Family member” means any individual living in a familial relationship with Personnel in the same household, which includes children and stepchildren away at college.
“Material non-public information” means any information about Salesforce that a reasonable investor would consider important in making an
investment decision to buy or sell Salesforce securities, which has not been widely disseminated to the public through SEC filings or major newswire
services with sufficient additional time for the market to absorb the information.
Generally, material-non-public information is information that could reasonably be expected to impact the price of Salesforce securities. Examples of
material non-public information may include:
• Projections of future revenue, earnings, losses, or cash flows, changes in such projections, or other financial guidance.
• A significant pending or prospective merger, acquisition, investment or tender offer.
• A significant new business or strategic relationship or a material change in, or the loss of, such a relationship.
• The development or release of a major new product, service, or line of business.
• Major personnel changes which may include significant layoffs or reorganizations.
• A dividend, stock split, securities repurchase, or securities offering.
• Significant security breach, data loss, or service disruption.
Generally speaking, information will cease being “non-public” when the information has been (1) made public via a press release, SEC filing or other
recognized channel of distribution, and (2) the market has had time to absorb such information, typically one full trading day after the information has
been made public.
Assessing the materiality or non-public nature of any information involves legal judgment. When in doubt, please consult with the Legal Department or
contact insidertradingquestions@salesforce.com.
“Personnel” means all employees, directors, officers, contractors, and consultants of Salesforce.
“Salesforce” or “the Company” means Salesforce, Inc. together with any or all of its subsidiaries.
Qualifications
10b5-1 Trading Plans. Personnel may adopt trading plans in accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) Rule 10b5-1(c) or
successor rules as amended from time to time. Trading plans may only be entered into when a person is not aware of material non-public information
and only during an open trading window. Transactions pursuant to a trading plan adopted in accordance with Company guidelines may occur without
regard to the trading window or the knowledge of the Personnel at the time of the transaction. The Insider Trading Guidelines include applicable
guidelines for 10b5-1 Trading Plans. Except as provided for in the Insider Trading Guidelines, Personnel may only have a single 10b5-1 Trading Plan
at one time.
Tax Withholding Sales. For purposes of this policy, sales to cover tax withholding obligations upon vesting of restricted stock units or similar
instruments granted under a Company equity plan that occur pursuant to an equity award agreement may occur without regard to the trading window
or the knowledge of the Personnel at the time of the transaction. Any changes to such agreement’s default provisions
3

providing for such withholding sales must occur during an open trading window while the Personnel is not aware of material non-public information
about the Company. See the Insider Trading Guidelines for more information.
Sell-All Elections. Sales of shares pursuant to sell-all elections upon vesting of restricted stock units or similar instruments granted under a Company
equity plan may occur without regard to the trading window or the knowledge of the Personnel at the time of the transaction if the election is made
during an open trading window while the Personnel is not aware of material non-public information about the Company. Any changes to such elections
must occur during an open trading window while the Personnel is not aware of material non-public information about the Company. See the Insider
Trading Guidelines for more information.
Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Sales of Company stock acquired through the Company’s Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”) are subject to
this policy, including this policy’s trading window and knowledge requirements. Elections to participate in, and purchases of Company stock through,
the ESPP are not subject to this policy’s trading window or knowledge requirements.
Stock Option Exercises. Provided that no sale of shares occurs in connection with the exercise (whether to fund the exercise price, tax withholding,
or otherwise), Company stock options may be exercised without regard to whether the trading window is open and without regard to the knowledge of
the Personnel. Such exercises must be effected by paying the exercise price in cash or delivering previously owned shares of Company stock on the
terms of the applicable agreement and equity plan. “Broker-assisted cashless exercises” or similar contemporaneous exercises and sales of option
shares are not allowed when the trading window is closed or when Personnel is aware of material non-public information.
Policy Violations and Potential Criminal and Civil Liability
Personnel who violate this Policy may be subject to disciplinary action by the Company, up to and including termination. In addition, federal, state and
other authorities may impose significant penalties, fines or criminal liability, including imprisonment, on Personnel or others who trade on, or tip,
material non-public information, or otherwise violate applicable insider trading laws, even if they did not profit from the activity.
Amendments
The Company reserves the right to modify this Policy and the Insider Trading Guidelines at any time and without notice.
4

Exhibit 21.1
List of Subsidiaries
The following is a list of subsidiaries of Salesforce, Inc., omitting certain subsidiaries which, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not constitute a
significant subsidiary as of January 31, 2025.
Name of Entity Jurisdiction
Salesforce Argentina S.R.L. Argentina
Vlocity AR SRL Argentina
OwnCompany Pty. Ltd Australia
SFDC Australia Pty. Ltd. Australia
SFDC Austria GmbH Austria
SFDC Netherlands B.V. Belgium Branch Belgium
Atonit Tecnologia Da Informação Ltda Brazil
ClickSoftware Brazil Solucoes em Gestao de Forcas de Trabalho Ltda. Brazil
Salesforce Tecnologia, Ltda. Brazil
Acumen Solutions Consulting Canada, Inc. Canada
Mobify Research and Development Inc. Canada
PredictSpring Pos Platform Canada Ltd. Canada
salesforce.com Canada Corporation Canada
Tableau Canada Co. Canada
Zoomin Software Canada Ltd. Canada
Salesforce Chile SpA Chile
salesforce.com Information Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China
Tableau (China) Co., Ltd. Guangzhou Branch China
Tableau (China) Co., Ltd. China
Tableau (China) Co., Ltd. Beijing Branch China
SFDC Colombia S.A.S Colombia
Salesforce.com Danmark, filial af SFDC Sweden AB Denmark
SFDC Sweden AB, Suomen sivuliike Finland
OwnCompany UK Limited – French Branch France
salesforce.com France S.A.S. France
SFDC France Data Centre Sárl France
OwnCompany GmbH Germany
salesforce.com Germany GmbH Germany
SFDC Germany Data Centre GmbH Germany
salesforce.com Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong
ClickSoftware India Private Limited India
OwnBackup India Private Limited India
salesforce.com India Private Limited India
Salesforce.com India Private Limited Gurgaon Branch India
salesforce.com India Private Limited Bengaluru Branch India
salesforce.com India Private Limited Hyderabad Branch India
salesforce.com India Private Limited Mumbai Branch India
Slack Technologies India LLP India
Tableau Software India Pvt. Ltd. India
Traction on Demand India Private Limited India

N
ameofEntityJurisdiction
VlocityCloudApplicationsIndiaPrivateLimitedIndia
PTSalesforceSolutionsIndonesiaIndonesia
SFDCIrelandLimitedIreland
SlackTechnologiesLimitedIreland
ClickSoftwareProfessionalServicesLtd. Israel
ClickSoftwareTechnologiesLtd. Israel
DatoramaTechnologiesLtd. Israel
salesforce.comIsraelLtd. Israel
V.G.O.M. ManagementLtd. Israel
salesforce.comItalyS.r.l. Italy
SalesforceJapanCo., Ltd. Japan
SalesforceKoreaLimitedKorea, Republicof
SFDCMexicoS. deR.L. deC.V. Mexico
SalesforceTechnologiesMoroccoMorocco
SFDCInternationalHoldingB.V. Netherlands
SFDCNetherlandsB.V. Netherlands
SFDCAustraliaPty. Ltd. NewZealandBranchNewZealand
SFDCNorwayASNorway
SFDCPortugal, UnipessoalLDAPortugal
salesforce.comSingaporePte. Ltd. Singapore
SFDCSouthAfrica(Pty)LimitedSouthAfrica
salesforceSystemsSpain, S.L. Spain
SFDCSwedenABSweden
SalesforceGFOSarlSwitzerland
salesforce.comsarlSwitzerland
salesforce.comTaiwanLimitedTaiwan
Salesforce.com(Thailand)Co., Ltd. Thailand
SalesforceMiddleEastFZ-LLCUnitedArabEmirates
ClickSoftwareEuropeLimitedUnitedKingdom
OwnCompanyUKLimitedUnitedKingdom
PredictSpringUKLimitedUnitedKingdom
SalesforceUKLimitedUnitedKingdom
SFDCEMEADataCentreLimitedUnitedKingdom
ZoominSoftwareUKLtdUnitedKingdom
450MissionLLCUnitedStatesofAmerica
AcumenSolutions, Inc. UnitedStatesofAmerica
Airkit, LLCUnitedStatesofAmerica
ClickSoftware, Inc. UnitedStatesofAmerica
ComputableInsightsLLCUnitedStatesofAmerica
Demandware, LLCUnitedStatesofAmerica
ExactTargetBrazilHoldingCompany, LLCUnitedStatesofAmerica
ExactTarget, LLCUnitedStatesofAmerica
Heroku, Inc. UnitedStatesofAmerica

N
ameofEntityJurisdiction
LittleOhanaLLCUnitedStatesofAmerica
MuleSoftInternational, LLCUnitedStatesofAmerica
MuleSoft, LLCUnitedStatesofAmerica
OwnCompanyInc. UnitedStatesofAmerica
Phennecs, LLCUnitedStatesofAmerica
PredictSpringInc. UnitedStatesofAmerica
QuipLLCUnitedStatesofAmerica
SalesforceCommunicationsLLCUnitedStatesofAmerica
SalesforceHoldingsLLCUnitedStatesofAmerica
SalesforceILHoldings, Inc. UnitedStatesofAmerica
SalesforceInvestmentsLLCUnitedStatesofAmerica
SalesforceVenturesLLCUnitedStatesofAmerica
salesforce.com, LLCUnitedStatesofAmerica
SFDC50FremontLLCUnitedStatesofAmerica
SFDCHoldingCo. UnitedStatesofAmerica
SFDCWorldwideHoldings, Inc. UnitedStatesofAmerica
SlackFundLLCUnitedStatesofAmerica
SlackTechnologies, LLCUnitedStatesofAmerica
Spiff, Inc. UnitedStatesofAmerica
TableauSoftware, LLCUnitedStatesofAmerica
Tenyx, Inc. UnitedStatesofAmerica
TractiononDemandUSLLCUnitedStatesofAmerica
Vlocity, LLCUnitedStatesofAmerica
ZoominSoftware, Inc. UnitedStatesofAmerica

Exhibit 23.1
CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements:
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-117860) pertaining to the salesforce.com, inc. 1999 Stock Option Plan, 2004 Equity Incentive Plan, and 2004
Outside Directors Stock Plan and Salesforce, Inc. Amended and Restated 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-123656) pertaining to the salesforce.com, inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-134467) pertaining to the salesforce.com, inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan and 2006 Inducement Equity Incentive
Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-143161) pertaining to the salesforce.com, inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-151180) pertaining to the salesforce.com, inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-159554) pertaining to the salesforce.com, inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan and 2006 Inducement Equity Incentive
Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-167190) pertaining to the salesforce.com, inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-174209) pertaining to the salesforce.com, inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan, the Salesforce, Inc.2006 Inducement
Equity Incentive Plan and Radian6 Technologies, Inc. Third Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-177018) pertaining to the salesforce.com, inc. 2006 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan and Assistly, Inc. 2009
Stock Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-178606) pertaining to the Model Metrics, Inc. 2008 Stock Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-179317) pertaining to the 2Catalyze, Inc. Second Amended 2008 Stock Option Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-181698) pertaining to the salesforce.com, inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan and Salesforce, Inc. Amended and
Restated 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-183580) pertaining to the salesforce.com, inc. 2006 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan and Buddy Media, Inc.
2007 Equity Incentive Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-183885) pertaining to the Goinstant, Inc. Stock Option Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-188850) pertaining to the salesforce.com, inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan and Salesforce, Inc. Amended and
Restated 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-189249) pertaining to the EdgeSpring, Inc. 2010 Equity Incentive Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-189801) pertaining to the Salesforce, Inc. Amended and Restated 2013 Equity Incentive Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-189980) pertaining to the ExactTarget, Inc. 2004 Stock Option Plan and ExactTarget, Inc. 2008 Equity Incentive
Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-198360) pertaining to the Salesforce, Inc. 2014 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-198361) pertaining to the RelateIQ, Inc. 2011 Stock Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-209965) pertaining to the Steelbrick Holdings, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-211510) pertaining to the MetaMind, Inc. 2014 Stock Incentive Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-213418) pertaining to the Demandware, Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Incentive Plan,

• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-213419) pertaining to the Salesforce, Inc. Amended and Restated 2013 Equity Incentive Plan and Amended and
Restated 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-213420) pertaining to the Backchannel, Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-213437) pertaining to the BeyondCore, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan and the BeyondCore, Inc. 2016 Equity
Incentive Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-213685) pertaining to the Salesforce, Inc. 2014 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-214747) pertaining to the Krux Digital, Inc. 2010 Stock Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-218598) pertaining to the Salesforce, Inc. Amended and Restated 2013 Equity Incentive Plan and Amended and
Restated 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-4 No. 333-224067) of Salesforce, Inc.,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-224597) pertaining to the MuleSoft 2006 Stock Plan, the MuleSoft 2016 Equity Incentive Plan and the MuleSoft
2017 Equity Incentive Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-224610) pertaining to the CloudCraze Software LLC 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-225638) pertaining to the Salesforce, Inc. Amended and Restated 2013 Equity Incentive Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-227233) pertaining to the Datorama Inc. 2012 Stock Incentive Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-232028) pertaining to the MapAnything, Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Stock Incentive Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-232032) pertaining to the Salesforce, Inc. Amended and Restated 2013 Equity Incentive Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-232036) pertaining to the Salesforce, Inc. 2014 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-4 No. 333-232530) of Salesforce, Inc.,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-234072) pertaining to the Optimizer TopCo S.A.R.L. 2015 Share Incentive Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-236918) pertaining to the Evergage, Inc. 2010 Stock Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-238980) pertaining to the Vlocity, Inc. 2014 Stock Option and Grant Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-239105) pertaining to the Salesforce, Inc. Amended and Restated 2013 Equity Incentive Plan and Amended and
Restated 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-4 No. 333-251658) of Salesforce, Inc.,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-257278) pertaining to the Salesforce, Inc. Amended and Restated 2013 Equity Incentive Plan and MuleSoft, Inc.
2006 Stock Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 POS No. 333-251658) pertaining to the Slack Technologies, Inc. Amended and Restated 2009 Stock Plan, as amended
and 2019 Stock Option and Incentive Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-265555) pertaining to the Salesforce, Inc. Amended and Restated 2013 Equity Incentive Plan and Salesforce, Inc.
Amended and Restated 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-265557) pertaining to the Traction Sales and Marketing Inc. Equity Incentive Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-272599) pertaining to the Salesforce, Inc. Amended and Restated 2013 Equity Incentive Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-3 ASR No. 333-275814) of Salesforce, Inc.,

• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-280635) pertaining to the Salesforce, Inc. Amended and Restated 2013 Equity Incentive Plan,
• Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-282514) pertaining to the Tenyx, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan;
of our reports dated March 5, 2025, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Salesforce, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting of Salesforce, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Salesforce, Inc. for the year ended January 31, 2025.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
San Francisco, California
March 5, 2025

Exhibit 31.1
CERTIFICATION
I, Marc Benioff, certify that:
1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Salesforce, Inc.;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have:
a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting.
March 5, 2025 /s/ MARC BENIOFF
Marc Benioff
Chair of the Board of Directors and
Chief Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer)

Exhibit 31.2
CERTIFICATION
I, Amy Weaver, certify that:
1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Salesforce, Inc.;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have:
a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting.
March 5, 2025 /s/ AMY WEAVER
Amy Weaver
President and Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer)

Exhibit 32.1
CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT TO
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
Based on my knowledge, I, Marc Benioff, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
the Quarterly Report of Salesforce, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the period ended January 31, 2025 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
operations of Salesforce, Inc.
March 5, 2025 /s/ MARC BENIOFF
Marc Benioff
Chair of the Board of Directors and
Chief Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer)
Based on my knowledge, I, Amy Weaver, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the
Quarterly Report of Salesforce, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the period ended January 31, 2025 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
operations of Salesforce, Inc.
March 5, 2025 /s/ AMY WEAVER
Amy Weaver
President and Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer)

Exhibit 99.1
SALESFORCE, INC.
EXECUTIVE OFFICER CASH SEVERANCE LIMITATION POLICY
(Adopted March 20, 2024)
Salesforce, Inc. (the “Company”) will not enter into any new employment agreement or severance agreement with any of the
Company’s Executive Officers or establish any new severance plan or policy covering any Executive Officer that provides for Cash
Severance Benefits (as defined below) exceeding 2.99 times the sum of the Executive Officer’s base salary plus Target Cash Bonus
Opportunity (as defined below), without seeking stockholder ratification of such agreement, plan, or policy.
“Cash Severance Benefits” include cash payments in connection with the termination of the Executive Officer’s employment. For
the avoidance of doubt, “Cash Severance Benefits” do not include (a) the payment, settlement, vesting, or acceleration of equity-based
awards; (b) the settlement of a legal obligation, such as payment to settle pending or threatened litigation or a cash payment in exchange
for the surrender of vested equity-based awards; (c) the payment or provision of perquisites, insurance, disability, health and welfare plan
coverage, and other similar employee benefits; (d) any earned, but unpaid bonus for any completed performance period required to be
paid under any plan or policy of the Company; (e) payment of deferred compensation, earned retirement benefits or other vested
employee benefits provided under any benefit plan or policy; (f) accrued but unpaid base salary or vacation pay through the termination
date; or (g) reimbursement for any expenses validly incurred prior to an Executive Officer’s termination date.
“Executive Officer” means an officer of the Company within the meaning of Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended.
“Target Cash Bonus Opportunity” means the Executive Officer’s target annual performance cash bonus opportunity as in effect
for the fiscal year of the Executive Officer’s termination of employment.
Pursuant to authority delegated by the Board of Directors of the Company to the Compensation Committee, the Compensation
Committee shall make determinations regarding the interpretation of the provisions of this policy, in its sole discretion. Any such
determination(s) by the Compensation Committee with respect to this policy shall be final, conclusive and binding.
The Board of Directors of the Company or the Compensation Committee may amend this policy at any time if it determines in its
sole discretion that such action would be in the best interests of the Company.

================================================================================
FILE: 406ce68c-f5bf-44af-875f-eed4356965f1.pdf
================================================================================

UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM 10-Q
(Mark One)
☒ Quarterly report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
For the quarterly period ended April 30, 2024
OR
☐ Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
For the transition period from to .
Commission File Number: 001-32224
Salesforce, Inc.
(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)
Delaware 94-3320693
(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)
(IRS Employer
Identification No.)
Salesforce Tower
415 Mission Street, 3rd Fl
San Francisco, California 94105
(Address of principal executive offices)
Telephone Number: (415) 901-7000
(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act
Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share CRM New York Stock Exchange
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange
Act”) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days. Yes x No ¨
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
(§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). Yes x No ¨
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth
company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer ☒ Accelerated filer ☐
Non-accelerated filer ☐ Smaller reporting company ☐
Emerging growth company ☐
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐ No x
As of May 24, 2024, there were approximately 969 million shares of the Registrant’s Common Stock outstanding.
1

Table of Contents
INDEX
Page No.
PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Item 1. Financial Statements:
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of April 30, 2024 and January 31, 2024 3
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended April 30, 2024 and 2023 4
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three months ended April 30, 2024 and 2023 5
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the three months ended April 30, 2024 and 2023 6
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended April 30, 2024 and 2023 7
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 9
Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 29
Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 40
Item 4. Controls and Procedures 43
PART II. OTHER INFORMATION
Item 1. Legal Proceedings 44
Item 1A. Risk Factors 44
Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 68
Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 68
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 68
Item 5. Other Information 68
Item 6. Exhibits 68
Signatures 70
2

Table of Contents
PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION
ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Salesforce, Inc.
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets
(in millions)
April 30, 2024 January 31, 2024
Assets (unaudited)
Current assets:
Cash and cash equivalents $ 9,958 $ 8,472
Marketable securities 7,712 5,722
Accounts receivable, net 4,273 11,414
Costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net 1,865 1,905
Prepaid expenses and other current assets 1,796 1,561
Total current assets 25,604 29,074
Property and equipment, net 3,506 3,689
Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 2,255 2,366
Noncurrent costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net 2,286 2,515
Strategic investments 4,978 4,848
Goodwill 48,940 48,620
Intangible assets acquired through business combinations, net 4,869 5,278
Deferred tax assets and other assets, net 3,742 3,433
Total assets $ 96,180 $ 99,823
Liabilities and stockholders’ equity
Current liabilities:
Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities $ 5,520 $ 6,111
Operating lease liabilities, current 568 518
Unearned revenue 16,061 19,003
Debt, current 1,000 999
Total current liabilities 23,149 26,631
Noncurrent debt 8,429 8,427
Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 2,519 2,644
Other noncurrent liabilities 2,400 2,475
Total liabilities 36,497 40,177
Stockholders’ equity:
Common stock 1 1
Treasury stock, at cost (13,860) (11,692)
Additional paid-in capital 60,946 59,841
Accumulated other comprehensive loss (270) (225)
Retained earnings 12,866 11,721
Total stockholders’ equity 59,683 59,646
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 96,180 $ 99,823
See accompanying Notes.
3

Table of Contents
Salesforce, Inc.
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations
(in millions, except per share data)
(unaudited)
1 Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 2023
Revenues:
Subscription and support $ 8,585 $ 7,642
Professional services and other 548 605
Total revenues 9,133 8,247
Cost of revenues (1)(2):
Subscription and support 1,560 1,510
Professional services and other 602 615
Total cost of revenues 2,162 2,125
Gross profit 6,971 6,122
Operating expenses (1)(2):
Research and development 1,368 1,207
Sales and marketing 3,239 3,154
General and administrative 647 638
Restructuring 8 711
Total operating expenses 5,262 5,710
Income from operations 1,709 412
Gains (losses) on strategic investments, net 37 (141)
Other income 121 55
Income before provision for income taxes 1,867 326
Provision for income taxes (334) (127)
Net income $ 1,533 $ 199
Basic net income per share $ 1.58 $ 0.20
Diluted net income per share $ 1.56 $ 0.20
Shares used in computing basic net income per share 970 980
Shares used in computing diluted net income per share 985 988
(1) Amounts include amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations, as follows:
Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 2023
Cost of revenues $ 238 $ 248
Sales and marketing 223 223
(2) Amounts include stock-based compensation expense, as follows:
Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 2023
Cost of revenues $ 119 $ 103
Research and development 260 241
Sales and marketing 290 263
General and administrative 81 73
Restructuring 0 16
See accompanying Notes.
4

Table of Contents
Salesforce, Inc.
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
(in millions)
(unaudited)
1 Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 2023
Net income $ 1,533 $ 199
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of reclassification adjustments:
Foreign currency translation and other gains (losses) (23) 6
Unrealized gains (losses) on marketable securities and privately held debt securities (30) 16
Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax (53) 22
Tax effect 8 (3)
Other comprehensive income (loss), net (45) 19
Comprehensive income $ 1,488 $ 218
See accompanying Notes.
5

Table of Contents
Salesforce, Inc.
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity
(in millions)
(unaudited)
Three Months Ended April 30, 2024
Common Stock Treasury Stock
Additional
Paid-in
Capital
Accumulated Other
Comprehensive
Loss
Retained
Earnings
Total
Stockholders’
Shares Amount Shares Amount Equity
Balance at January 31, 2024 1,035 $ 1 (64) $ (11,692) $ 59,841 $ (225) $ 11,721 $ 59,646
Common stock issued 7 0 0 0 352 0 0 352
Common stock repurchased 0 0 (7) (2,168) 0 0 0 (2,168)
Stock-based compensation 0 0 0 0 753 0 0 753
Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 0 0 0 0 0 (45) 0 (45)
Cash dividends declared 0 0 0 0 0 0 (388) (388)
Net income 0 0 0 0 0 0 1,533 1,533
Balance at April 30, 2024 1,042 $ 1 (71) $ (13,860) $ 60,946 $ (270) $ 12,866 $ 59,683
Three Months Ended April 30, 2023
Common Stock Treasury Stock
Additional
Paid-in
Capital
Accumulated Other
Comprehensive
Loss
Retained
Earnings
Total
Stockholders’
Shares Amount Shares Amount Equity
Balance at January 31, 2023 1,009 $ 1 (28) $ (4,000) $ 55,047 $ (274) $ 7,585 $ 58,359
Common stock issued 7 0 0 0 283 0 0 283
Common stock repurchased 0 0 (11) (2,144) 0 0 0 (2,144)
Stock-based compensation 0 0 0 0 696 0 0 696
Other comprehensive income, net of tax 0 0 0 0 0 19 0 19
Net income 0 0 0 0 0 0 199 199
Balance at April 30, 2023 1,016 $ 1 (39) $ (6,144) $ 56,026 $ (255) $ 7,784 $ 57,412
See accompanying Notes.
6

Table of Contents
Salesforce, Inc.
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(in millions)
(unaudited)
1 Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 2023
Operating activities:
Net income $ 1,533 $ 199
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization (1) 879 1,254
Amortization of costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net 517 470
Stock-based compensation expense 750 696
(Gains) losses on strategic investments, net (37) 141
Changes in assets and liabilities, net of business combinations:
Accounts receivable, net 7,162 6,123
Costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net (248) (275)
Prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets (514) (291)
Accounts payable and accrued expenses and other liabilities (755) (1,403)
Operating lease liabilities (85) (168)
Unearned revenue (2,955) (2,255)
Net cash provided by operating activities 6,247 4,491
Investing activities:
Business combinations, net of cash acquired (338) 0
Purchases of strategic investments (203) (105)
Sales of strategic investments 53 9
Purchases of marketable securities (3,252) (368)
Sales of marketable securities 616 269
Maturities of marketable securities 636 785
Capital expenditures (163) (243)
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (2,651) 347
Financing activities:
Repurchases of common stock (2,133) (2,054)
Proceeds from employee stock plans 533 449
Principal payments on financing obligations (120) (110)
Repayments of debt 0 (1,001)
Payments of dividends (388) 0
Net cash used in financing activities (2,108) (2,716)
Effect of exchange rate changes (2) 17
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 1,486 2,139
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 8,472 7,016
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period $ 9,958 $ 9,155
(1) Includes amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations, depreciation of fixed assets and amortization and impairment of rightof-use assets.
See accompanying Notes.
7

Table of Contents
Salesforce, Inc.
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosure
(in millions)
Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 2023
Supplemental cash flow disclosure:
Cash paid during the period for:
Interest $ 28 $ 46
Income taxes, net of tax refunds $ 94 $ 122
See accompanying Notes.
8

Table of Contents
Salesforce, Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
1. Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies
Description of Business
Salesforce, Inc. (the “Company”) is a global leader in customer relationship management technology that brings companies and customers together. With
the Customer 360 platform, the Company delivers a single source of truth, connecting customer data with integrated artificial intelligence across systems, apps
and devices to help companies sell, service, market and conduct commerce from anywhere. Since its founding in 1999, the Company has pioneered innovations
in cloud, mobile, social, analytics and artificial intelligence, enabling companies of every size and industry to transform their businesses in the all-digital, workfrom-anywhere era.
Fiscal Year
The Company’s fiscal year ends on January 31. References to fiscal 2025, for example, refer to the fiscal year ending January 31, 2025.
Basis of Presentation
The accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet as of April 30, 2024 and the condensed consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive
income, statements of stockholders' equity and statements of cash flows for the three months ended April 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, are unaudited.
These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”) for interim financial
information. Accordingly, they do not include all of the financial information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. In the
opinion of the Company’s management, the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include all adjustments necessary for the fair presentation
of the Company’s balance sheet as of April 30, 2024 and its results of operations, including its comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for
the three months ended April 30, 2024 and 2023. All adjustments are of a normal recurring nature. The results for the three months ended April 30, 2024 are not
necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any subsequent quarter or for the fiscal year ending January 31, 2025.
These unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related
notes included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2024, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the “SEC”) on March 6, 2024.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions in the Company’s
condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto.
Significant estimates and assumptions made by management include the determination of:
• the standalone selling price (“SSP”) of performance obligations for revenue contracts with multiple performance obligations;
• the valuation of privately-held strategic investments;
• the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed for business combinations;
• the recognition, measurement and valuation of current and deferred income taxes and uncertain tax positions;
• the useful lives of intangible assets; and
• the fair value of certain stock awards issued.
Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions
that are believed to be reasonable, which forms the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities as well as income and
expenses to be recognized.
Principles of Consolidation
The condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany
balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
9

Table of Contents
Segments
The Company operates as one operating segment. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which separate financial
information is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) in deciding how to allocate resources and assess performance. Over the
past few years, the Company has completed a number of acquisitions which have allowed the Company to expand its offerings, presence and reach in various
market segments of the enterprise cloud computing market. While the Company has offerings in multiple enterprise cloud computing market segments,
including as a result of the Company's acquisitions, and operates in multiple countries, the Company’s business operates in one operating segment because
most of the Company's service offerings operate on the Customer 360 Platform and are deployed in a nearly identical manner, and the Company’s CODM
evaluates the Company’s financial information and resources, and assesses the performance of these resources, on a consolidated basis.
Concentrations of Credit Risk, Significant Customers and Investments
The Company’s financial instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, marketable
securities and accounts receivable. The Company monitors and manages the overall exposure of its cash balances to individual financial institutions on an
ongoing basis. The Company’s marketable securities portfolio consists primarily of investment-grade securities and the Company’s policies limit the amount of
credit exposure to any one issuer. The Company does not require collateral for accounts receivable. The Company maintains an allowance for its doubtful
accounts receivable for estimated credit losses. This allowance is based upon historical loss patterns, the number of days that billings are past due, an
evaluation of the potential risk of loss associated with delinquent accounts and current market conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future
economic conditions to inform adjustments to historical loss patterns. The Company records the allowance against bad debt expense through the condensed
consolidated statements of operations, included in general and administrative expense, up to the amount of revenues recognized to date. Any incremental
allowance is recorded as an offset to unearned revenue on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Receivables are written off and charged against the
recorded allowance when the Company has exhausted collection efforts without success.
No single customer accounted for ten percent or more of accounts receivable as of April 30, 2024 and January 31, 2024. No single customer accounted
for ten percent or more of total revenue during the three months ended April 30, 2024 and 2023. As of April 30, 2024 and January 31, 2024, assets located
outside the Americas were 14 percent and 16 percent of total assets, respectively. As of April 30, 2024 and January 31, 2024, assets located in the United States
were 84 percent and 82 percent of total assets, respectively.
The Company is also exposed to concentrations of risk in its strategic investment portfolio, including within specific industries, as the Company
primarily invests in enterprise cloud companies, technology startups and system integrators. As of April 30, 2024, the Company held two investments, both
privately held, with carrying values that were individually greater than five percent of its total strategic investments portfolio and represented approximately 15
percent of the portfolio in the aggregate. As of January 31, 2024, the Company held two investments, both privately held, with carrying values that were
individually greater than five percent of its strategic investments portfolio and represented approximately 16 percent of the portfolio in the aggregate.
Revenue Recognition
The Company derives its revenues from two sources: (1) subscription and support revenues and (2) professional services and other revenues.
Subscription and support revenues include subscription fees from customers accessing the Company’s enterprise cloud computing services (collectively,
“Cloud Services”), software license revenues from the sales of term software licenses and support revenues from the sales of support and updates beyond the
basic subscription or software license sales. Professional services and other revenues include professional and advisory services for process mapping, project
management and implementation services and training services.
Revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised products and services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company
expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. If the consideration promised in a contract includes a variable amount, for example, overage fees,
contingent fees or service level penalties, the Company includes an estimate of the amount it expects to receive for the total transaction price if it is probable
that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur.
The Company determines the amount of revenue to be recognized through the application of the following steps:
• identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer;
• identification of the performance obligations in the contract;
• determination of the transaction price;
• allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and
• recognition of revenue when or as the Company satisfies the performance obligations.
10

Table of Contents
Subscription and Support Revenues
Subscription and support revenues are comprised of fees that provide customers with access to Cloud Services, software licenses and related support and
updates during the term of the arrangement.
Cloud Services allow customers to use the Company's multi-tenant software without taking possession of the software. Revenue is generally recognized
ratably over the contract term. Substantially all of the Company’s subscription service arrangements are noncancellable and do not contain refund-type
provisions.
Subscription and support revenues also include revenues associated with term software licenses that provide the customer with a right to use the software
as it exists when made available. Revenues from term software licenses are generally recognized at the point in time when the software is made available to the
customer. Revenue from software support and updates is recognized as the support and updates are provided, which is generally ratably over the contract term.
The Company typically invoices its customers annually and its payment terms provide that customers pay within 30 days of invoice. Amounts that have
been invoiced are recorded in accounts receivable and in unearned revenue or revenue, depending on whether transfer of control to customers has occurred.
Professional Services and Other Revenues
The Company’s professional services contracts are either on a time and materials, fixed price or subscription basis. These revenues are recognized as the
services are rendered for time and materials contracts, on a proportional performance basis for fixed price contracts or ratably over the contract term for
subscription professional services contracts. Other revenues consist primarily of training revenues recognized as such services are performed.
Significant Judgments - Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations
The Company enters into contracts with its customers that may include promises to transfer multiple performance obligations such as Cloud Services,
software licenses, support and updates and professional services. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract with a customer to transfer products or
services that are concluded to be distinct. Determining whether products and services are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for
separately or combined as one unit of accounting may require significant judgment.
Cloud Services, software licenses and support and updates services are generally concluded to be distinct because such offerings are often sold
separately. In determining whether professional services are distinct, the Company considers the following factors for each professional services agreement:
availability of the services from other vendors, the nature of the professional services, the timing of when the professional services contract was signed in
comparison to the subscription start date and the contractual dependence of the service on the customer’s satisfaction with the professional services work. To
date, the Company has concluded that professional services included in contracts with multiple performance obligations are distinct.
The Company allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative SSP basis. The SSP is the price at which the Company would
sell a promised product or service separately to a customer. Judgment is required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation.
The Company determines SSP by considering its overall pricing objectives and market conditions. Significant pricing practices taken into consideration
include the Company’s discounting practices, the size and volume of the Company’s transactions, the customer demographic, the geographic area where
services are sold, price lists, the Company's go-to-market strategy, historical and current sales and contract prices. In instances where the Company does not
sell or price a product or service separately, the Company maximizes the use of observable inputs by using information that may include market conditions. As
the Company’s go-to-market strategies evolve, the Company may modify its pricing practices in the future, which could result in changes to SSP.
In certain cases, the Company is able to establish SSP based on observable prices of products or services sold or priced separately in comparable
circumstances to similar customers. The Company uses a single amount to estimate SSP when indicated by the distribution of its observable prices.
Alternatively, the Company uses a range of amounts to estimate SSP when the pricing practices or distribution of the observable prices are highly
variable. The Company typically has more than one SSP for individual products and services due to the stratification of those products and services by
customer size and geography.
Costs Capitalized to Obtain Revenue Contracts
The Company capitalizes incremental costs of obtaining revenue contracts related to noncancellable Cloud Services subscription, ongoing Cloud
Services support and license support and updates. For contracts with term software licenses where revenue is recognized upfront when the software is made
available to the customer, costs allocable to those licenses are expensed as they are incurred. Capitalized amounts consist primarily of sales commissions paid
to the Company’s direct sales force. Capitalized amounts also include (1) amounts paid to employees other than the direct sales force who earn incentive
11

Table of Contents
payouts under annual compensation plans that are tied to the value of contracts acquired, (2) commissions paid to employees upon renewals of subscription and
support contracts, (3) the associated payroll taxes and fringe benefit costs associated with the payments to the Company’s employees and (4) to a lesser extent,
success fees paid to partners in emerging markets where the Company has a limited presence.
Costs capitalized related to new revenue contracts are amortized on a straight-line basis over four years, which is longer than the typical initial contract
period, but reflects the estimated average period of benefit, including expected contract renewals. In arriving at this average period of benefit, the Company
evaluates both qualitative and quantitative factors which included the estimated life cycles of its offerings and its customer attrition. Additionally, the Company
amortizes capitalized costs for renewals and success fees paid to partners over two years.
The capitalized amounts are recoverable through future revenue streams under all noncancellable customer contracts. The Company periodically
evaluates whether there have been any changes in its business, the market conditions in which it operates or other events which would indicate that its
amortization period should be changed or if there are potential indicators of impairment.
Amortization of capitalized costs to obtain revenue contracts is included in sales and marketing expense in the accompanying condensed consolidated
statements of operations. There were no impairments of costs to obtain revenue contracts for the three months ended April 30, 2024 and 2023.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash
equivalents are stated at fair value.
Marketable Securities
The Company considers all of its marketable debt securities as available for use in current operations, including those with maturity dates beyond one
year, and therefore classifies these securities within current assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Securities are classified as available for sale
and are carried at fair value, with the change in unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, reported as a separate component on the condensed consolidated
statements of comprehensive income until realized. Fair value is determined based on quoted market rates when observable or utilizing data points that are
observable, such as quoted prices, interest rates and yield curves. Securities with an amortized cost basis in excess of estimated fair value are assessed to
determine what amount of the excess, if any, is caused by expected credit losses. Expected credit losses on securities are recognized in other income (expense)
on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and any remaining unrealized losses, net of taxes, are included in accumulated other comprehensive
income in stockholders' equity. For the purposes of computing realized and unrealized gains and losses, the cost of securities sold is based on the specificidentification method. Interest on securities classified as available for sale is included as a component of investment income within other income (expense) on
the condensed consolidated statements of operations.
Strategic Investments
The Company holds strategic investments in privately held debt and equity securities and publicly held equity securities in which the Company does not
have a controlling interest.
Privately held equity securities where the Company lacks a controlling financial interest but does exercise significant influence are accounted for under
the equity method. Privately held equity securities not accounted for under the equity method are recorded at cost and adjusted only for observable transactions
for same or similar investments of the same issuer or impairment events (referred to as the measurement alternative). All gains and losses on privately held
equity securities, realized and unrealized, are recorded through gains (losses) on strategic investments, net on the condensed consolidated statements of
operations. Privately held debt securities are recorded at fair value with changes in fair value recorded through accumulated other comprehensive loss on the
condensed consolidated balance sheet. Other privately held investments not classified as debt or equity securities are recorded at cost and adjusted for
impairment events, with any associated gains and losses recorded through gains (losses) on strategic investments, net on the consolidated statements of
operations.
Valuations of privately held securities are inherently complex and require judgment due to the lack of readily available market data. In determining the
estimated fair value of its strategic investments in privately held companies, the Company utilizes the most recent data available to the Company. The
Company assesses its privately held strategic investments quarterly for impairment. The Company’s impairment analysis encompasses an assessment of both
qualitative and quantitative factors, including the investee's financial metrics, market acceptance of the investee's product or technology and the rate at which
the investee is using its cash. If the investment is considered impaired, the Company estimates the fair value of the investment and recognizes any resulting
impairment through the condensed consolidated statements of operations.
Publicly held equity securities are measured at fair value with changes recorded through gains (losses) on strategic investments, net on the condensed
consolidated statements of operations.
12

Table of Contents
The Company may enter into strategic investments or other investments that are considered variable interest entities (“VIEs”). If the Company is a
primary beneficiary of a VIE, it is required to consolidate the entity. To determine if the Company is the primary beneficiary of a VIE, the Company evaluates
whether it has (1) the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance and (2) the obligation to absorb losses or the
right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The assessment of whether the Company is the primary beneficiary of its
VIE investments requires significant assumptions and judgments. VIEs that are not consolidated are accounted for under the measurement alternative, equity
method, amortized cost, or other appropriate methodology based on the nature of the interest held. The Company did not consolidate any VIEs as of April 30,
2024 and April 30, 2023.
Fair Value Measurement
The Company measures its cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, publicly held equity securities and foreign currency derivative contracts at
fair value. In addition, the Company measures certain of its strategic investments, including its privately held debt and equity securities, at fair value on a
nonrecurring basis when there has been an observable price change in a same or similar security or an impairment event. The additional disclosures regarding
the Company’s fair value measurements are included in Note 4 “Fair Value Measurement.”
Derivative Financial Instruments
The Company enters into foreign currency derivative contracts with financial institutions to reduce foreign exchange risk associated with intercompany
transactions and other monetary assets or liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of a subsidiary. The Company uses forward
currency derivative contracts, which are not designated as hedging instruments, to minimize the Company’s exposure to balances primarily denominated in the
Euro, British Pound Sterling, Canadian Dollar, Australian Dollar, Brazilian Real and Japanese Yen. The Company’s derivative financial instruments program is
not designated for trading or speculative purposes. The Company generally enters into master netting arrangements with the financial institutions with which it
contracts for such derivatives, which permit net settlement of transactions with the same counterparty, thereby reducing risk of credit-related losses from a
financial institutions' nonperformance. While the contract or notional amount is often used to express the volume of foreign currency derivative contracts, the
amounts potentially subject to credit risk are generally limited to the amounts, if any, by which the counterparties’ obligations under the agreements exceed the
obligations of the Company to the counterparties. The notional amount of outstanding foreign currency derivative contracts as of April 30, 2024 and January
31, 2024 was $9.1 billion and $8.6 billion, respectively.
Outstanding foreign currency derivative contracts are recorded at fair value on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Unrealized gains or losses due
to changes in the fair value of these derivative contracts, as well as realized gains or losses from their net settlement, are recognized as other income (expense)
consistent with the offsetting gains or losses resulting from the remeasurement or settlement of the underlying foreign currency denominated receivables and
payables.
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives
of those assets as follows:
Buildings and building improvements 10 to 40 years
Computers, equipment and software 3 to 5 years
Furniture and fixtures 5 years
Leasehold improvements Shorter of the estimated lease term or 10 years
The Company estimates the useful lives of property and equipment upon initial recognition and periodically evaluates the useful lives and whether events
or changes in circumstances warrant a revision to the useful lives.
When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from their respective accounts and
any loss on such retirement is reflected in operating expenses.
Leases
The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception and classifies its leases at commencement. Operating leases are included in operating
lease right-of-use (“ROU”) assets and current and noncurrent operating lease liabilities on the Company’s condensed consolidated balance sheets. Assets (also
referred to as ROU assets) and liabilities recognized from finance leases are included in property and equipment, accrued expenses and other liabilities and
other noncurrent liabilities, respectively, on the Company’s condensed consolidated balance sheets. ROU assets represent the Company's right to use an
underlying asset for the lease term. The corresponding lease liabilities represent its obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. The Company
does not recognize ROU assets or lease liabilities for leases with a term of 12 months or less for any asset classes.
13

Table of Contents
Lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term at commencement, net of any future
tenant incentives. The Company has lease agreements which contain both lease and non-lease components, which it has elected to combine for all asset classes.
As such, minimum lease payments include fixed payments for non-lease components within a lease agreement but exclude variable lease payments not
dependent on an index or rate, such as common area maintenance, operating expenses, utilities, or other costs that are subject to fluctuation from period to
period. The Company’s lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease. Periods beyond the noncancellable term of the lease are included in
the measurement of the lease liability only when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise the associated extension option or waive the
termination option. The Company reassesses the lease term if and when a significant event or change in circumstances occurs within the control of the
Company. As most of the Company’s leases do not provide an implicit rate, the net present value of future minimum lease payments is determined using the
Company’s incremental borrowing rate. The Company's incremental borrowing rate is an estimate of the interest rate the Company would have to pay to
borrow on a collateralized basis with similar terms and payments, in the economic environment where the leased asset is located.
The lease ROU asset is recognized based on the lease liability, adjusted for any rent payments or initial direct costs incurred or tenant incentives received
prior to commencement.
Lease expense for operating leases, which includes amortization expense of ROU assets, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
Amortization expense of finance lease ROU assets is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and interest expense for finance lease liabilities is
recognized based on the incremental borrowing rate. Expense for variable lease payments are recognized as incurred.
On the lease commencement date, the Company also establishes assets and liabilities for the present value of estimated future costs to retire long-lived
assets at the termination or expiration of a lease. Such assets are included in property and equipment, net and are amortized over the lease term.
The Company has entered into subleases or has made decisions and taken actions to exit and sublease certain unoccupied leased office space. Similar to
other long-lived assets discussed below, management tests ROU assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of such assets may not be recoverable. For leased assets, such circumstances would include the decision to leave a leased facility prior to the end of the
minimum lease term or subleases for which estimated cash flows do not fully cover the costs of the associated lease.
Intangible Assets Acquired through Business Combinations
Intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives. Each period, the Company evaluates the estimated remaining useful life of its intangible
assets and whether events or changes in circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization.
Impairment Assessment
The Company evaluates intangible assets and other long-lived assets for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. This includes but is not limited to significant adverse changes in business climate, market
conditions or other events that indicate an asset's carrying amount may not be recoverable. Recoverability of these assets is measured by comparing the
carrying amount of each asset to the future undiscounted cash flows the asset is expected to generate. If the undiscounted cash flows used in the test for
recoverability are less than the carrying amount of these assets, the carrying amount of such assets is reduced to fair value.
The Company evaluates and tests the recoverability of its goodwill for impairment at least annually during its fourth quarter of each fiscal year or more
often if and when circumstances indicate that goodwill may not be recoverable.
Business Combinations
The Company uses its best estimates and assumptions to assign fair value to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the
acquisition date. The Company’s estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. During the measurement period, which may be up to one year
from the acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the fair value of these tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with
the corresponding offset to goodwill. In addition, uncertain tax positions, tax-related valuation allowances and pre-acquisition contingencies are initially
recorded in connection with a business combination as of the acquisition date. The Company continues to collect information and reevaluates these estimates
and assumptions quarterly and records any adjustments to the Company’s preliminary estimates to goodwill provided that the Company is within the
measurement period. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the fair value of assets acquired or liabilities assumed,
whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to the Company’s condensed consolidated statements of operations.
In the event the Company acquires an entity with which the Company has a preexisting relationship, the Company will generally recognize a gain or loss
to settle that relationship as of the acquisition date within operating income on the condensed
14

Table of Contents
consolidated statements of operations. In the event that the Company acquires an entity in which the Company previously held a strategic investment, the
difference between the fair value of the shares as of the date of the acquisition and the carrying value of the strategic investment is recorded as a gain or loss
and recorded within net gains (losses) on strategic investments in the condensed consolidated statements of operations.
Restructuring
The Company generally recognizes employee severance costs when payments are probable and amounts are estimable or when notification occurs,
depending on the region an employee works. Costs related to contracts without future benefit or contract termination are recognized at the earlier of the
contract termination or the cease-use dates. Other exit-related costs are recognized as incurred.
Stock-Based Compensation Expense
Stock-based compensation expense is measured based on grant date at fair value using the grant date closing stock price for restricted stock units and
restricted stock awards and using the Black-Scholes option pricing model for stock options. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense
related to restricted stock units, restricted stock awards, and stock options and restricted stock awards on a straight-line basis, net of estimated forfeitures, over
the requisite service period of the awards, which is generally the vesting term of four years. The estimated forfeiture rate applied is based on historical
forfeiture rates.
The Company grants performance share awards to executive officers and other members of senior management, which may include a market condition, a
performance condition, or both. Stock-based compensation expense related to awards with a market condition are measured at fair value using a Monte Carlo
simulation model and the expense related to these awards is recognized on a graded-vesting basis, net of estimated forfeitures, over the requisite service period
of the awards, which is generally the vesting term. Stock-based compensation expense related to awards with a performance condition are measured based on
the grant date closing stock price and the expense related to these awards is recognized based on the requisite service period elapsed, as well as the probability
of achievement and estimated attainment of the performance condition as of the end of our reporting period.
Stock-based compensation expense related to the Company’s Amended and Restated 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP” or “2004 Employee
Stock Purchase Plan”) is measured based on grant date at fair value using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Company recognizes stock-based
compensation expense related to shares issued pursuant to the 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan on a straight-line basis over the offering period, which is 12
months. The ESPP allows employees to purchase shares of the Company's common stock at a 15 percent discount from the lower of the Company’s stock price
on (i) the first day of the offering period or on (ii) the last day of the purchase period. The ESPP also allows employees to reduce their percentage election once
during a six-month purchase period (December 15 and June 15 of each fiscal year), but not to increase that election until the next one-year offering period. The
ESPP includes a reset provision for the purchase price if the stock price on the purchase date is less than the stock price on the offering date.
The Company, at times, grants unvested restricted shares to employee stockholders of certain acquired companies in lieu of cash consideration. These
awards are generally subject to continued post-acquisition employment. Therefore, the Company accounts for them as post-acquisition stock-based
compensation expense. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense equal to the grant date fair value of the restricted stock awards, based on
the closing stock price on grant date, on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the awards, which is generally four years.
Income Taxes
The Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined
based on temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the
differences are expected to reverse. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax laws is recognized in the condensed consolidated
statements of operations in the period that includes the enactment date.
The Company’s tax positions are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. The Company recognizes the tax benefit
of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable upon examination by the taxing authority, solely based on its
technical merits. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit which is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement
with the taxing authority. The Company recognizes interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the income tax provision.
Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts that are more likely than not expected to be realized
based on the weighting of positive and negative evidence. Future realization of deferred tax assets ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable
income of the appropriate character (for example, ordinary income or capital gain) within the carryback or carryforward periods available under the applicable
tax law. The Company
15

Table of Contents
regularly reviews the deferred tax assets for recoverability based on historical taxable income, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the
reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. The Company’s judgments regarding future profitability may change due to many
factors, including future market conditions and the ability to successfully execute its business plans. Should there be a change in the ability to recover deferred
tax assets, the tax provision would increase or decrease in the period in which the assessment is changed.
Foreign Currency Translation
The functional currency of the Company’s major foreign subsidiaries is generally the local currency. All assets and liabilities denominated in a foreign
currency are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rate
during the period. Equity transactions are translated using historical exchange rates. Adjustments resulting from translating foreign functional currency
financial statements into U.S. dollars are recorded as a separate component on the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Foreign
currency transaction gains and losses are included in other income (expense) in the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the period.
Warranties and Indemnification
The Company’s enterprise cloud computing services are typically warranted to perform in a manner consistent with general industry standards that are
reasonably applicable and materially in accordance with the Company’s online help documentation under normal use and circumstances.
The Company’s arrangements generally include certain provisions for indemnifying customers against liabilities if its products or services infringe a third
party’s intellectual property rights. To date, the Company has not incurred any material costs as a result of such obligations and has not accrued any material
liabilities related to such obligations in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements.
The Company has also agreed to indemnify its directors and executive officers for costs associated with any fees, expenses, judgments, fines and
settlement amounts incurred by any of these persons in any action or proceeding to which any of those persons is, or is threatened to be, made a party by reason
of the person’s service as a director or officer, including any action by the Company, arising out of that person’s services as the Company’s director or officer or
that person’s services provided to any other company or enterprise at the Company’s request. The Company maintains director and officer insurance coverage
that would generally enable the Company to recover a portion of any future amounts paid. The Company may also be subject to indemnification obligations by
law with respect to the actions of its employees under certain circumstances and in certain jurisdictions.
New Accounting Pronouncement Pending Adoption
In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2023-07, “Segment Reporting (Topic
280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures” (“ASU 2023-07”), which requires additional operating segment disclosures in annual and interim
consolidated financial statements. ASU 2023-07 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2023 and for interim periods beginning after
December 15, 2024 on a retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2023-07 will have on its financial
statement disclosures.
In December 2023, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2023-09, “Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures”
(“ASU 2023-09”), which requires disclosure of disaggregated income taxes paid, prescribes standard categories for the components of the effective tax rate
reconciliation and modifies other income tax-related disclosures. ASU 2023-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024 on a
retrospective or prospective basis. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2023-09 will have on its financial statement disclosures.
16

Table of Contents
2. Revenues
Disaggregation of Revenue
Subscription and Support Revenue by the Company's Service Of erings
Subscription and support revenues consisted of the following (in millions):
Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 2023
Sales $ 1,998 $ 1,810
Service 2,182 1,964
Platform and Other 1,718 1,567
Marketing and Commerce 1,282 1,170
Integration and Analytics (1) 1,405 1,131
$ 8,585 $ 7,642
(1) In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company renamed the service offering previously referred to as Data to Integration and Analytics, which includes
Mulesoft and Tableau.
Total Revenue by Geographic Locations
Revenues by geographical region consisted of the following (in millions):
Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 2023
Americas $ 6,062 $ 5,482
Europe 2,145 1,951
Asia Pacific 926 814
$ 9,133 $ 8,247
Revenues by geography are determined based on the region of the Company's contracting entity, which may be different than the region of the customer.
Americas revenue attributed to the United States was approximately 93 percent during the three months ended April 30, 2024 and 2023. No other country
represented more than ten percent of total revenue during the three months ended April 30, 2024 and 2023.
Contract Balances
Contract Assets
The Company records a contract asset when revenue recognized on a contract exceeds the billings. Contract assets were $828 million as of April 30,
2024 as compared to $758 million as of January 31, 2024, and are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and deferred tax assets and other
assets, net on the condensed consolidated balance sheets.
Unearned Revenue
Unearned revenue represents amounts that have been invoiced in advance of revenue recognition and is recognized as revenue when transfer of control to
customers has occurred or services have been provided. The unearned revenue balance does not represent the total contract value of annual or multi-year,
noncancellable subscription agreements. The unearned revenue balance is influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the compounding effects of
renewals, invoice duration, invoice timing, dollar size and new business linearity within the quarter.
17

Table of Contents
The change in unearned revenue was as follows (in millions):
Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 2023
Unearned revenue, beginning of period $ 19,003 $ 17,376
Billings and other (1) 6,108 5,937
Contribution from contract asset 70 55
Revenue recognized over time (8,571) (7,837)
Revenue recognized at a point in time (562) (410)
Unearned revenue from business combinations 13 0
Unearned revenue, end of period $ 16,061 $ 15,121
(1) Other includes, for example, the impact of foreign currency translation.
The majority of revenue recognized for these services is from the beginning of period unearned revenue balance.
Revenue recognized over time primarily includes Cloud Services subscription and support revenue, which is generally recognized ratably over time, and
professional services and other revenue, which is generally recognized ratably or as delivered.
Revenue recognized at a point in time substantially consists of term software licenses.
Remaining Performance Obligation
Remaining performance obligation represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized and includes unearned revenue and unbilled amounts
that will be recognized as revenue in future periods. The transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation is based on SSP. Remaining
performance obligation is influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the timing of renewals, the timing of term license deliveries, average contract
terms and foreign currency exchange rates. Remaining performance obligation is also impacted by acquisitions. Unbilled portions of the remaining
performance obligation denominated in foreign currencies are revalued each period based on the period end exchange rates. Remaining performance obligation
is subject to future economic risks, including bankruptcies, regulatory changes and other market factors.
The Company excludes amounts related to performance obligations from professional services contracts that are billed and recognized on a time and
materials basis.
The majority of the Company's noncurrent remaining performance obligation is expected to be recognized in the next 13 to 36 months.
Remaining performance obligation consisted of the following (in billions):
Current Noncurrent Total
As of April 30, 2024 $ 26.4 $ 27.5 $ 53.9
As of January 31, 2024 $ 27.6 $ 29.3 $ 56.9
3. Investments
Marketable Securities
At April 30, 2024, marketable securities consisted of the following (in millions):
Amortized
Cost
Unrealized
Gains
Unrealized
Losses Fair Value
Corporate notes and obligations $ 3,751 $ 2 $ (54) $ 3,699
U.S. treasury securities 552 0 (11) 541
Mortgage-backed obligations 272 0 (10) 262
Asset-backed securities 1,655 1 (11) 1,645
Municipal securities 137 0 (3) 134
Commercial paper 1,223 0 0 1,223
Covered bonds 72 0 (3) 69
Other 140 1 (2) 139
Total marketable securities $ 7,802 $ 4 $ (94) $ 7,712
18

Table of Contents
At January 31, 2024, marketable securities consisted of the following (in millions):
Amortized
Cost
Unrealized
Gains
Unrealized
Losses Fair Value
Corporate notes and obligations $ 3,014 $ 9 $ (45) $ 2,978
U.S. treasury securities 583 0 (8) 575
Mortgage-backed obligations 244 1 (9) 236
Asset-backed securities 1,381 5 (7) 1,379
Municipal securities 139 0 (3) 136
Commercial paper 213 0 0 213
Covered bonds 81 0 (3) 78
Other 127 1 (1) 127
Total marketable securities $ 5,782 $ 16 $ (76) $ 5,722
The contractual maturities of the investments classified as marketable securities were as follows (in millions):
As of
April 30, 2024 January 31, 2024
Due within 1 year $ 4,092 $ 2,523
Due in 1 year through 5 years 3,613 3,180
Due in 5 years through 10 years 7 19
$ 7,712 $ 5,722
Strategic Investments
Strategic investments by form and measurement category as of April 30, 2024 were as follows (in millions):
Measurement Category
Fair Value
Measurement
Alternative Other Total
Equity securities $ 83 $ 4,629 $ 133 $ 4,845
Debt securities and other investments 0 0 133 133
Balance as of April 30, 2024 $ 83 $ 4,629 $ 266 $ 4,978
Strategic investments by form and measurement category as of January 31, 2024 were as follows (in millions):
Measurement Category
Fair Value
Measurement
Alternative Other Total
Equity securities $ 80 $ 4,557 $ 130 $ 4,767
Debt securities and other investments 0 0 81 81
Balance as of January 31, 2024 $ 80 $ 4,557 $ 211 $ 4,848
The Company holds investments in, or management agreements with, VIEs which the Company does not consolidate because it is not considered the
primary beneficiary of these entities. The carrying value of VIEs within strategic investments was $436 million and $382 million, as of April 30, 2024 and
January 31, 2024, respectively.
19

Table of Contents
Gains (Losses) on Strategic Investments, Net
The components of gains and losses on strategic investments were as follows (in millions):
1 Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 2023
Unrealized gains recognized on publicly traded equity securities, net $ 3 $ 0
Unrealized gains recognized on privately held equity securities, net 105 38
Impairments on privately held equity and debt securities (130) (177)
Unrealized losses, net (22) (139)
Realized gains (losses) on sales of securities, net 59 (2)
Gains (losses) on strategic investments, net $ 37 $ (141)
Unrealized gains and losses recognized on privately held equity securities, net includes upward and downward adjustments from equity securities
accounted for under the measurement alternative, as well as gains and losses from private equity securities in other measurement categories. For privately held
securities accounted for under the measurement alternative, the Company recorded upward adjustments of $116 million and $46 million and impairments and
downward adjustments of $139 million and $175 million for the three months ended April 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Realized gains on sales of securities, net reflects the difference between the sale proceeds and the carrying value of the security at the beginning of the
period or the purchase date, if later.
4. Fair Value Measurement
The Company uses a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in the valuation methodologies in measuring fair value:
Level 1. Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
Level 2. Significant other inputs that are directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace.
Level 3. Significant unobservable inputs which are supported by little or no market activity.
All of the Company’s cash equivalents, marketable securities and foreign currency derivative contracts are classified within Level 1 or Level 2 because
these assets are valued using quoted market prices or alternative pricing sources and models utilizing observable market inputs.
20

Table of Contents
The following table presents information about the Company’s assets that were measured at fair value as of April 30, 2024 and indicates the fair value
hierarchy of the valuation (in millions):
Description
Quoted Prices in
Active Markets
for Identical Assets
(Level 1)
Significant Other
Observable
Inputs
(Level 2)
Significant
Unobservable
Inputs
(Level 3) Fair Value
Cash equivalents (1):
Time deposits $ 0 $ 1,485 $ 0 $ 1,485
Money market mutual funds 5,652 0 0 5,652
Cash equivalent securities 0 1,046 0 1,046
Marketable securities:
Corporate notes and obligations 0 3,699 0 3,699
U.S. treasury securities 0 541 0 541
Mortgage-backed obligations 0 262 0 262
Asset-backed securities 0 1,645 0 1,645
Municipal securities 0 134 0 134
Commercial paper 0 1,223 0 1,223
Covered bonds 0 69 0 69
Other 0 139 0 139
Strategic investments:
Equity securities 83 0 0 83
Total assets $ 5,735 $ 10,243 $ 0 $ 15,978
(1) Included in “cash and cash equivalents” in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets in addition to $1.8 billion of cash, as of April 30,
2024.
The following table presents information about the Company’s assets that were measured at fair value as of January 31, 2024 and indicates the fair value
hierarchy of the valuation (in millions):
Description
Quoted Prices in
Active Markets
for Identical Assets
(Level 1)
Significant Other
Observable Inputs (Level
2)
Significant
Unobservable
Inputs
(Level 3) Fair Value
Cash equivalents (1):
Time deposits $ 0 $ 1,337 $ 0 $ 1,337
Money market mutual funds 4,447 0 0 4,447
Cash equivalent securities 0 493 0 493
Marketable securities:
Corporate notes and obligations 0 2,978 0 2,978
U.S. treasury securities 0 575 0 575
Mortgage-backed obligations 0 236 0 236
Asset-backed securities 0 1,379 0 1,379
Municipal securities 0 136 0 136
Commercial paper 0 213 0 213
Covered bonds 0 78 0 78
Other 0 127 0 127
Strategic investments:
Equity securities 80 0 0 80
Total assets $ 4,527 $ 7,552 $ 0 $ 12,079
(1) Included in “cash and cash equivalents” in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets in addition to $2.2 billion of cash, as of January 31,
2024.
21

Table of Contents
Strategic Investments Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis
Substantially all of the Company's privately held debt and equity securities and other investments are recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis. The
estimation of fair value for these investments requires the use of significant unobservable inputs, and as a result, the Company deems these assets as Level 3
within the fair value measurement framework. For privately held equity investments without a readily determinable fair value, the Company applies valuation
methods based on information available, including the market approach and option pricing models (“OPM”). Observable transactions, such as the issuance of
new equity by an investee, are indicators of investee enterprise value and are used to estimate the fair value of the privately held equity investments. An OPM
may be utilized to allocate value to the various classes of securities of the investee, including classes owned by the Company. Such information, available to the
Company from investee companies, is supplemented with estimates such as volatility, expected time to liquidity and the rights and obligations of the securities
the Company holds. When indicators of impairment are observed for privately held equity securities, the Company generally uses the market approach to
estimate the fair value of its investment, giving consideration to the latest observable transactions, as well as the investee's current and projected financial
performance and other significant inputs and assumptions, including estimated time to exit, selection and analysis of guideline public companies and the rights
and obligations of the securities the Company holds. The Company's privately held debt and equity securities and other investments amounted to $4.9 billion
and $4.8 billion as of April 30, 2024 and January 31, 2024, respectively.
5. Leases and Other Commitments
Leases
The Company has leases for corporate offices, data centers and equipment under noncancellable operating and finance leases with various expiration
dates.
Total operating lease costs were $158 million and $469 million for the three months ended April 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Included in operating
lease costs are amounts related to restructuring charges, which are discussed in Note 9 “Restructuring.”
As of April 30, 2024, the maturities of lease liabilities under noncancellable operating and finance leases were as follows (in millions):
Operating Leases Finance Leases
Fiscal Period:
Remaining nine months of fiscal 2025 $ 489 $ 291
Fiscal 2026 587 340
Fiscal 2027 521 228
Fiscal 2028 456 53
Fiscal 2029 379 9
Thereafter 1,026 1
Total minimum lease payments 3,458 922
Less: Imputed interest (371) (46)
Total $ 3,087 $ 876
Other Balance Sheet Accounts
Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities as of April 30, 2024 included approximately $1.5 billion of accrued compensation as compared
to $2.5 billion as of January 31, 2024.
22

Table of Contents
6. Business Combinations
In February 2024, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of Spiff, Inc. (“Spiff”), an incentive compensation management platform company. The
acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for Spiff was $419 million, which consisted primarily of $374 million in cash. The Company
recorded $323 million of goodwill which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities. The goodwill associated with
the acquisition of Spiff has no basis and is not deductible for U.S. income tax purposes. The Company also recorded approximately $52 million of intangible
assets for developed technology and customer relationships with useful lives of nine and five years, respectively. The fair values assigned to assets acquired and
liabilities assumed are based on management’s estimates and assumptions and may be subject to change as additional information is received and certain tax
returns are finalized. The Company expects to finalize the valuation as soon as practicable, but not later than one year from the acquisition date. The Company
has included the financial results of Spiff, which were not material, in its condensed consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The
transaction costs associated with the acquisition were also not material.
7. Intangible Assets Acquired Through Business Combinations and Goodwill
Intangible Assets Acquired Through Business Combinations
Intangible assets acquired through business combinations were as follows (in millions):
Intangible Assets, Gross Accumulated Amortization Intangible Assets, Net
Weighted
Average
Remaining
Useful Life (Years)
January 31,
2024
Additions and
retirements, net April 30, 2024
January 31,
2024
Expense and
retirements, net April 30, 2024
January 31,
2024 April 30, 2024 April 30, 2024
Acquired developed
technology $ 4,624 $ 44 $ 4,668 $ (3,208) $ (238) $ (3,446) $ 1,416 $ 1,222 2.0
Customer
relationships 6,674 8 6,682 (2,985) (211) (3,196) 3,689 3,486 4.5
Other (1) 303 0 303 (130) (12) (142) 173 161 3.2
Total $ 11,601 $ 52 $ 11,653 $ (6,323) $ (461) $ (6,784) $ 5,278 $ 4,869 3.9
(1) Included in Other are in-place leases, trade names, trademarks and territory rights.
Amortization of intangible assets resulting from business combinations for the three months ended April 30, 2024 and 2023 was $461 million, and
$471 million, respectively.
The expected future amortization expense for intangible assets as of April 30, 2024 was as follows (in millions):
Fiscal Period:
Remaining nine months of fiscal 2025 $ 1,153
Fiscal 2026 1,372
Fiscal 2027 1,005
Fiscal 2028 628
Fiscal 2029 496
Thereafter 215
Total amortization expense $ 4,869
Goodwill
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price in a business combination over the fair value of net assets acquired.
The changes in the carrying amounts of goodwill, which is generally not deductible for tax purposes, were as follows (in millions):
Balance as of January 31, 2024 $ 48,620
Acquisition of Spiff 323
Adjustments (1) (3)
Balance as of April 30, 2024 $ 48,940
(1) Adjustments include the effect of foreign currency translation.
23

Table of Contents
8. Debt
The components of the Company's borrowings were as follows (in millions):
Instrument Date of Issuance Maturity Date
Contractual
Interest Rate
Outstanding
Principal as of April
30, 2024
Carrying Value as of
April 30, 2024
Carrying Value as of
January 31, 2024
2024 Senior Notes July 2021 July 2024 0.625 % 1,000 1,000 999
2028 Senior Notes April 2018 April 2028 3.70 1,500 1,495 1,495
2028 Senior Sustainability Notes July 2021 July 2028 1.50 1,000 994 994
2031 Senior Notes July 2021 July 2031 1.95 1,500 1,491 1,490
2041 Senior Notes July 2021 July 2041 2.70 1,250 1,236 1,235
2051 Senior Notes July 2021 July 2051 2.90 2,000 1,978 1,978
2061 Senior Notes July 2021 July 2061 3.05 1,250 1,235 1,235
Total carrying value of debt $ 9,500 9,429 9,426
Less current portion of debt (1,000) (999)
Total noncurrent debt $ 8,429 $ 8,427
The Company was in compliance with all debt covenants as of April 30, 2024.
The total estimated fair value of the Company's outstanding senior unsecured notes (the “Senior Notes”) above was $7.4 billion and $7.8 billion as of
April 30, 2024 and January 31, 2024, respectively. The fair value was determined based on the closing trading price per $100 of the Senior Notes as of the last
day of trading of the first quarter of fiscal 2025 and the last day of trading of fiscal 2024, respectively, and are deemed Level 2 liabilities within the fair value
measurement framework.
The contractual future principal payments for all borrowings as of April 30, 2024 were as follows (in millions):
Fiscal Period:
Remaining nine months of fiscal 2025 $ 1,000
Fiscal 2026 0
Fiscal 2027 0
Fiscal 2028 0
Fiscal 2029 2,500
Thereafter 6,000
Total principal outstanding $ 9,500
Revolving Credit Facility
In December 2020, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement with Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, and certain other institutional lenders (the
“Revolving Loan Credit Agreement”) that provides for a $3.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility (“Credit Facility”) and matures in December 2025. The
Company may use the proceeds of future borrowings under the Credit Facility for general corporate purposes, which may include, without limitation, the
consideration, fees, costs and expenses related to any acquisition. The Company amended the Revolving Loan Credit Agreement in April 2022 and May 2023,
in each case to reflect certain administrative changes. There were no outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility as of April 30, 2024.
9. Restructuring
In January 2023, the Company announced a restructuring plan (the “Restructuring Plan”) intended to reduce operating costs, improve operating margins
and continue advancing the Company’s ongoing commitment to profitable growth. This plan included a reduction of the Company’s workforce and select real
estate exits and office space reductions within certain markets. The actions associated with the employee restructuring under the Restructuring Plan were
substantially completed in fiscal 2024 and the actions associated with the real estate portion of the Restructuring Plan are expected to be substantially complete
in fiscal 2026. In the first quarter of fiscal 2025, the Company approved an initiative focused on driving further operational efficiencies, optimizing our
management structure and increasing cost optimization efforts to realize long-term sustainable growth through a targeted workforce reduction. The actions
associated with this initiative are expected to be substantially complete in fiscal 2025.
24

Table of Contents
The following tables summarize the activities related to the Company’s restructuring initiatives for the three months ended April 30, 2024 and 2023 (in
millions):
Three Months Ended April 30, 2024
Workforce Reduction
Office Space
Reductions Total
Liability, beginning of the period $ 118 $ 2 $ 120
Charges 8 0 8
Payments (68) (2) (70)
Non-cash items (1) 0 (1)
Liability, end of the period $ 57 $ 0 $ 57
Three Months Ended April 30, 2023
Workforce Reduction
Office Space
Reductions Total
Liability, beginning of the period $ 607 $ 0 $ 607
Charges 344 367 711
Payments (320) 0 (320)
Non-cash items (17) (367) (384)
Liability, end of the period $ 614 $ 0 $ 614
The liability for restructuring charges, which is related to workforce and office space reductions, is included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and
other liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The charges reflected in the tables above related to workforce reduction included charges for
employee transition, severance payments, employee benefits and share-based compensation. The charges reflected in the tables above related to office space
reductions included exit charges associated with those reductions.
10. Stockholders’ Equity
Stock option activity for the three months ended April 30, 2024 was as follows:
Options Outstanding
Outstanding
Stock
Options
(in millions)
WeightedAverage
Exercise Price
Aggregate
Intrinsic Value (in
millions)
Balance as of January 31, 2024 12 $ 185.77
Exercised (1) 174.62
Balance as of April 30, 2024 11 $ 190.70 $ 1,222
Vested or expected to vest 11 $ 190.10 $ 1,192
Exercisable as of April 30, 2024 7 $ 175.19 $ 874
Restricted stock activity for the three months ended April 30, 2024 was as follows:
Restricted Stock Outstanding
Outstanding
(in millions)
Weighted-Average Grant
Date Fair Value
Aggregate
Intrinsic
Value (in millions)
Balance as of January 31, 2024 28 $ 202.95
Granted - restricted stock units and awards 10 306.39
Granted - performance-based stock units 1 290.64
Canceled (1) 208.02
Vested and converted to shares (5) 197.41
Balance as of April 30, 2024 33 $ 239.08 $ 8,801
Expected to vest 27 $ 7,367
25

Table of Contents
The aggregate expected stock-based compensation expense remaining to be recognized as of April 30, 2024 was as follows (in millions):
Fiscal Period:
Remaining nine months of fiscal 2025 $ 2,483
Fiscal 2026 2,505
Fiscal 2027 1,670
Fiscal 2028 1,002
Fiscal 2029 106
Total stock-based compensation expense $ 7,766
The aggregate expected stock-based compensation expense remaining to be recognized reflects only outstanding stock awards as of April 30, 2024 and
assumes no forfeiture activity and no changes in the expected level of attainment of performance share grants based on the Company’s financial performance
relative to certain targets.
Share Repurchase Program
In August 2022, the Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase up to $10.0 billion of the Company’s common stock (the “Share Repurchase
Program”). In February 2023, the Board of Directors authorized an additional $10.0 billion in repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program. In February
2024, the Board of Directors authorized an additional $10.0 billion in repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program for an aggregate total authorization of
$30.0 billion. The Share Repurchase Program does not have a fixed expiration date and does not obligate the Company to acquire any specific number of
shares. Under the Share Repurchase Program, shares of common stock may be repurchased using a variety of methods, including privately negotiated and or
open market transactions, including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), as
part of accelerated share repurchases and other methods. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases are determined by the Company in its
discretion and depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. The Company accounts for treasury
stock under the cost method.
The Company repurchased the following under its Share Repurchase Program (in millions, except average price per share):
2024 2023
Shares
Average price per
share Amount Shares
Average price per
share Amount
Three months ended April 30 7 $ 293.00 $ 2,168 11 $ 188.17 $ 2,143
All repurchases were made in open market transactions. As of April 30, 2024, the Company was authorized to purchase a remaining $16.2 billion of its
common stock under the Share Repurchase Program.
Dividends
In February 2024, the Company announced a cash dividend of $0.40 per share of the Company’s outstanding common stock to stockholders of record as
of the close of business on March 14, 2024, which was paid on April 11, 2024 in the amount of approximately $388 million.
11. Income Taxes
Ef ective Tax Rate
The Company computes its year-to-date provision for income taxes by applying the estimated annual effective tax rate to year-to-date pretax income or
loss and adjusts the provision for discrete tax items recorded in the period. For the three months ended April 30, 2024, the Company reported a tax provision of
$334 million on pretax income of $1.9 billion, which resulted in an effective tax rate of 18 percent. The Company’s effective tax rate differed from the U.S.
statutory rate of 21 percent primarily due to research and development credits and excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation.
For the three months ended April 30, 2023, the Company reported a tax provision of $127 million on pretax income of $326 million, which resulted in an
effective tax rate of 39 percent. The Company’s effective tax rate differed from the U.S. statutory rate of 21 percent primarily due to profitable jurisdictions
outside of the United States subject to tax rates greater than 21 percent and withholding taxes.
26

Table of Contents
Unrecognized Tax Benefits and Other Considerations
The Company records liabilities related to its uncertain tax positions. Tax positions for the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to income tax audits
by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. Certain prior year tax returns are currently being examined by various taxing authorities in countries
including the United States, Germany, France, Israel, and India. The Company believes that it has provided adequate reserves for its income tax uncertainties in
all open tax years. As the outcome of the tax audits cannot be predicted with certainty, if any issues arising in the Company’s tax audits progress in a manner
inconsistent with management's expectations, the Company could adjust its provision for income taxes in the future. In addition, the Company anticipates it is
reasonably possible that an insignificant decrease of its unrecognized tax benefits may occur in the next 12 months, as the applicable statutes of limitations
lapse, ongoing examinations are completed, or tax positions meet the conditions of being effectively settled.
12. Net Income Per Share
Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the fiscal
period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by giving effect to all potential weighted average dilutive common stock, including options and restricted stock
units. The dilutive effect of outstanding awards is reflected in diluted earnings per share by application of the treasury stock method.
A reconciliation of the denominator used in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share is as follows (in millions):
1 Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 2023
Numerator:
Net income $ 1,533 $ 199
Denominator:
Weighted-average shares outstanding for basic earnings per share 970 980
Effect of dilutive securities:
Employee stock awards 15 8
Weighted-average shares outstanding for diluted earnings per share 985 988
The weighted-average number of shares outstanding used in the computation of diluted earnings per share does not include the effect of the following
potentially outstanding common stock. The effects of these potentially outstanding shares were not included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share
because the effect would have been anti-dilutive (in millions):
Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 2023
Employee stock awards 5 23
13. Legal Proceedings and Claims
In the ordinary course of business, the Company is or may be involved in various legal or regulatory proceedings, claims or purported class actions
related to alleged infringement of third-party patents and other intellectual property rights, commercial, corporate and securities, labor and employment, wage
and hour and other claims. The Company has been, and may in the future be, put on notice or sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary
rights, including patent infringement.
In general, the resolution of a legal matter could prevent the Company from offering its service to others, could be material to the Company’s financial
condition or cash flows, or both, or could otherwise adversely affect the Company’s reputation and future operating results.
The Company makes a provision for a liability relating to legal matters when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the
loss can be reasonably estimated. These provisions are reviewed at least quarterly and adjusted to reflect the impacts of negotiations, estimated settlements,
legal rulings, advice of legal counsel and other information and events pertaining to a particular matter. The outcomes of legal proceedings and other
contingencies are, however, inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties. At this time, the Company is not able to reasonably estimate the
amount or range of possible losses in excess of any amounts accrued, including losses that could arise as a result of application of non-monetary remedies, with
respect to the contingencies it faces, and the Company’s estimates may not prove to be accurate.
In management’s opinion, resolution of all current matters, including those described below, is not expected to have a material adverse impact on the
Company’s financial statements. However, depending on the nature and timing of any such
27

Table of Contents
dispute, payment or other contingency, the resolution of a matter could materially affect the Company’s current or future results of operations or cash flows, or
both, in a particular quarter.
Slack Litigation
Beginning in September 2019, seven purported class action lawsuits were filed against Slack, its directors, certain of its officers and certain investment
funds associated with certain of its directors, each alleging violations of securities laws in connection with Slack’s registration statement on Form S-1 (the
“Registration Statement”) filed with the SEC. All but one of these actions were filed in the Superior Court of California for the County of San Mateo, though
one plaintiff originally filed in the County of San Francisco before refiling in the County of San Mateo (and the original San Francisco action was dismissed).
The remaining action was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (the “Federal Action”). In the Federal Action, captioned Dennee
v. Slack Technologies, Inc., Case No. 3:19-CV-05857-SI, Slack and the other defendants filed a motion to dismiss the complaint in January 2020. In April
2020, the court granted in part and denied in part the motion to dismiss. In May 2020, Slack and the other defendants filed a motion to certify the court’s order
for interlocutory appeal, which the court granted. Slack and the other defendants filed a petition for permission to appeal the district court’s order to the Ninth
Circuit Court of Appeals, which was granted in July 2020. Oral argument was heard in May 2021. On September 20, 2021, the Ninth Circuit affirmed the
district court’s ruling. Slack filed a petition for rehearing with the Ninth Circuit on November 3, 2021, which was denied on May 2, 2022. Slack filed a petition
for a writ of certiorari with the U.S. Supreme Court on August 31, 2022, which was granted on December 13, 2022. On June 1, 2023, the Supreme Court issued
a unanimous decision vacating the Ninth Circuit’s decision and remanded for further proceedings. The Ninth Circuit ordered the parties to submit additional
briefing in light of the Supreme Court’s decision. That briefing has concluded, and the parties await rulings from the Ninth Circuit. The state court actions were
consolidated in November 2019, and the consolidated action is captioned In re Slack Technologies, Inc. Shareholder Litigation, Lead Case No. 19CIV05370
(the “State Court Action”). An additional state court action was filed in San Mateo County in June 2020 but was consolidated with the State Court Action in
July 2020. Slack and the other defendants filed demurrers to the complaint in the State Court Action in February 2020. In August 2020, the court sustained in
part and overruled in part the demurrers, and granted plaintiffs leave to file an amended complaint, which they filed in October 2020. Slack and the other
defendants answered the complaint in November 2020. Plaintiffs filed a motion for class certification on October 21, 2021, which remains pending. On
October 26, 2022, the court stayed the State Court Action pending resolution of Slack’s petition for a writ of certiorari in the Federal Action. The State Court
Action remains stayed pending resolution of the appellate proceedings in the Federal Action. The Federal Action and the State Court Action seek unspecified
monetary damages and other relief on behalf of investors who purchased Slack’s Class A common stock issued pursuant and/or traceable to the Registration
Statement.
28

Table of Contents
ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All
statements other than statements of historical fact, which may consist of, among other things, trend analyses and statements regarding future events, future
financial performance, anticipated growth, and industry prospects, are forward-looking. Words such as “aims,” “anticipates,” “assumes,” “believes,”
“commitments,” “could,” “estimates,” “expects,” “forecasts,” “foresees,” “goals,” “intends,” “may,” “plans,” “predicts,” “projects,” “seeks,” “should,”
“targets” and “would,” and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements are inherently uncertain and based on management’s current expectations and assumptions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that are
dif icult to predict, including those described in Part I, Item 2, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,”
Part I, Item 3, “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk,” Part II, Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment and new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our
management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may
cause actual results or outcomes to dif er materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.
In light of these and other risks and uncertainties, the future events and trends discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may not occur as we
expect or at all, and our actual results or outcomes may dif er materially and adversely from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements.
Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or
update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason.
Overview
Salesforce is a global leader in customer relationship management (“CRM”) technology that brings companies and customers together in the digital age.
Founded in 1999, we enable companies of every size and industry to take advantage of powerful technologies to connect to their customers in a whole new way
and help them transform their businesses around the customer in this digital-first world.
Our Customer 360 platform unites sales, service, marketing, commerce and IT teams by connecting customer data across systems, apps and devices to
create a complete view of customers. With this single source of customer truth, teams can be more responsive, productive and efficient, deliver intelligent,
personalized experiences across every channel and increase productivity. With Slack, we provide a digital headquarters where companies, employees,
governments and stakeholders can create success from anywhere. We continue to invest for growth, including investing in generative AI across all products,
which we believe will change how our customers help their customers, and continuously look to expand our leadership role in the cloud computing industry.
We continue to focus on several key growth levers, including driving multiple service offering adoption, increasing our penetration with enterprise and
international customers and expanding our industry-specific reach with more vertical software solutions. These growth levers often require a more
sophisticated go-to-market approach and, as a result, we may incur additional costs upfront to obtain new customers and expand our relationships with existing
customers, including additional sales and marketing expenses specific to subscription and support revenue. As a result, we have seen that customers with many
of these characteristics drive higher annual revenues and have lower attrition rates than our company average.
In addition to our focus on top line growth levers, we are also focused on reducing our operating expenses to improve our operating margin. For example,
in January 2023, we announced a restructuring plan (the “Restructuring Plan”) intended to reduce operating costs, improve operating margins and continue
advancing our ongoing commitment to profitable growth which included a reduction of our workforce by approximately ten percent and office space reductions
within certain markets. The employee actions associated with the Restructuring Plan were substantially completed in fiscal 2024 and the real estate actions
associated with the Restructuring Plan are expected to be fully complete in fiscal 2026. In addition to the Restructuring Plan, we continued to evaluate and
operationalize future programs to drive further operational efficiencies, optimize our management structure and increase cost optimization efforts to realize
long-term sustainable growth, including a targeted workforce reduction that was initiated in the first quarter of fiscal 2025 and is expected to be substantially
complete in fiscal 2025. We have started to see improvements in our operating expenses across all operating categories, with the most opportunity in sales and
marketing expense and general and administrative expenses. Over the long term, we expect to see additional operating expense improvements, which could
include various restructuring initiatives to drive operational efficiencies.
Highlights from First Quarter of Fiscal 2025
• Revenue: For the three months ended April 30, 2024, revenue was $9.1 billion, an increase of 11 percent year-over-year.
• Income from Operations: For the three months ended April 30, 2024, income from operations was $1.7 billion as compared to $0.4 billion from a
year ago. Operating margin, which represents income from operations as a percentage
29

Table of Contents
of total revenue, increased to approximately 19 percent for the three months ended April 30, 2024 compared to approximately five percent for the
same period in the prior year.
• Earnings per Share: For the three months ended April 30, 2024, diluted earnings per share was $1.56 as compared to diluted earnings per share of
$0.20 from a year ago.
• Cash: Cash provided by operations for the three months ended April 30, 2024 was $6.2 billion, an increase of 39 percent year-over-year. Total cash,
cash equivalents and marketable securities as of April 30, 2024 was $17.7 billion.
• Remaining Performance Obligation: Total remaining performance obligation, which represents all future revenue under contract yet to be
recognized, as of April 30, 2024 was approximately $53.9 billion, an increase of 15 percent year-over-year. Current remaining performance obligation
as of April 30, 2024 was approximately $26.4 billion, an increase of 10 percent year-over-year.
• Share Repurchase Program: During the three months ended April 30, 2024, we repurchased approximately 7 million shares of our common stock
for approximately $2.2 billion.
• Dividend Program: During the three months ended April 30, 2024, we paid approximately $388 million in dividends.
We continue to see the impact of macroeconomic factors and the more measured buying behavior of our customers on our business and our customers’
businesses in ways that are difficult to isolate and quantify. In the first quarter of fiscal 2025, we continued to experience elongated sales cycles, additional deal
approval layers and deal compression. Slower growth in new and renewal business, particularly if sustained, impacts our remaining performance obligation,
revenues and our ability to meet financial guidance and long-term targets.
In addition, the expanding global scope of our business and the heightened volatility of global markets expose us to the risk of fluctuations in foreign
currency markets. Foreign currency fluctuations minimally impacted revenues in the three months ended April 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended
April 30, 2023 and our current remaining performance obligation was minimally impacted as of April 30, 2024 compared to what we would have reported as of
April 30, 2023 using constant currency rates. During fiscal 2024 and the first quarter of fiscal 2025, the United States Dollar strengthened significantly against
certain foreign currencies in the markets in which we operate, particularly against the Euro, British Pound Sterling and Japanese Yen. The impact of foreign
currency fluctuations could impact our near-term results and ability to accurately predict our future results and earnings. The impact of these fluctuations can
also be compounded by the seasonality of our business in which our fourth quarter has historically been our strongest quarter for new business and renewals.
Fiscal Year
Our fiscal year ends on January 31. References to fiscal 2025, for example, refer to the fiscal year ending January 31, 2025.
Operating Segments
We operate as one segment. See Note 1 “Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies” to the condensed consolidated financial statements
for further discussion.
Sources of Revenues
We derive our revenues from two sources: (1) subscription and support revenues and (2) professional services and other revenues. Subscription and
support revenues accounted for approximately 94 percent of our total revenues for the three months ended April 30, 2024.
Subscription and support revenues include subscription fees from customers accessing our enterprise cloud computing services (collectively, “Cloud
Services”), software license revenues from the sales of term software licenses, and support revenues from the sale of support and updates beyond the basic
subscription fees or related to the sales of software licenses. Our Cloud Services allow customers to use our multi-tenant software without taking possession of
the software. Revenue is generally recognized ratably over the contract term. Subscription and support revenues also include revenues associated with term
software licenses that provide the customer with a right to use the software as it exists when made available. Revenues from term software licenses are
generally recognized at the point in time when the software is made available to the customer. Revenue from support and updates is recognized as such support
and updates are provided, which is generally ratably over the contract term. Changes in contract duration for multi-year term software licenses can impact the
amount of revenues recognized upfront. Revenues from term software licenses represent less than ten percent of total subscription and support revenue for the
three months ended April 30, 2024.
The revenue growth rates of each of our service offerings, as described below in “Results of Operations,” fluctuate from quarter to quarter and over time.
Additionally, we manage the total balanced product portfolio to deliver solutions to our customers and, as a result, the revenue result for each offering is not
necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any subsequent quarter. In addition, some of our Cloud Service offerings have similar features and
functions. For example,
30

Table of Contents
customers may use our Sales, Service or Platform service offerings to record account and contact information, which are similar features across these service
offerings. Depending on a customer’s actual and projected business requirements, more than one service offering may satisfy the customer’s current and future
needs. We record revenue based on the individual products ordered by a customer, not according to the customer’s business requirements and usage.
Our growth in revenues is also impacted by attrition. Attrition represents the reduction or loss of the annualized value of our contracts with customers. We
calculate our attrition rate at a point in time on a trailing twelve-month basis as of the end of each month. As of April 30, 2024, our attrition rate, excluding
Slack self service, was approximately eight percent.
We continue to maintain a variety of customer programs and initiatives, which, along with increasing enterprise adoption, have helped keep our attrition
rate consistent as compared to the prior year. Consistent attrition rates play a role in our ability to maintain growth in our subscription and support revenues.
Seasonal Nature of Unearned Revenue, Accounts Receivable and Operating Cash Flow
Unearned revenue primarily consists of billings to customers for our subscription service. Over 90 percent of the value of our billings to customers is for
our subscription and support service. We generally invoice our customers in advance, in annual installments, and typical payment terms provide that our
customers pay us within 30 days of invoice. Amounts that have been invoiced are recorded in accounts receivable and in unearned revenue or in revenue
depending on whether transfer of control to customers has occurred. In general, we collect our billings in advance of the subscription service period. We
typically issue renewal invoices in advance of the renewal service period, and depending on timing, the initial invoice for the subscription and services contract
and the subsequent renewal invoice may occur in different quarters. There is a disproportionate weighting toward annual billings in the fourth quarter, primarily
as a result of large enterprise account buying patterns. Our fourth quarter has historically been our strongest quarter for new business and renewals. The yearon-year compounding effect of this seasonality in both billing patterns and overall new and renewal business causes the value of invoices that we generate in
the fourth quarter for both new business and renewals to increase as a proportion of our total annual billings. Accordingly, because of this billing activity, our
first quarter is typically our largest collections and operating cash flow quarter. Generally, our third quarter has historically been our smallest operating cash
flow quarter. Unearned revenues, accounts receivable and operating cash flow may also be impacted by acquisitions. For example, operating cash flows may be
adversely impacted by acquisitions due to transaction costs, financing costs such as interest expense and lower operating cash flows from the acquired entity.
Remaining Performance Obligation
Our remaining performance obligation represents all future revenue under contract that has not yet been recognized as revenue and includes unearned
revenue and unbilled amounts. Our current remaining performance obligation represents future revenue under contract that is expected to be recognized as
revenue in the next 12 months.
Remaining performance obligation is not necessarily indicative of future revenue growth and is influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the
timing of renewals, average contract terms, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in new business growth. Remaining performance obligation is also
impacted by acquisitions. Unbilled portions of the remaining performance obligation denominated in foreign currencies are revalued each period based on the
period end exchange rates. For multi-year subscription agreements billed annually, the associated unbilled balance and corresponding remaining performance
obligation are typically high at the beginning of the contract period, zero just prior to renewal, and increase if the agreement is renewed. Low remaining
performance obligation attributable to a particular subscription agreement is often associated with an impending renewal but may not be an indicator of the
likelihood of renewal or future revenue from such customer. Changes in contract duration or the timing of delivery of professional services can impact
remaining performance obligation as well as the allocation between current and non-current remaining performance obligation.
Cost of Revenues and Operating Expenses
Cost of Revenues
Cost of subscription and support revenues primarily consists of expenses related to delivering our service and providing support, including the costs of
data center capacity, certain fees paid to various third parties for the use of their technology, services and data, employee-related costs such as salaries and
benefits, and allocated overhead. Our cost of subscription and support revenues also includes amortization of certain acquisition-related intangible assets, such
as the amortization of the cost associated with an acquired company’s research and development efforts. Also included in the cost of subscription and support
revenues are expenses incurred supporting the free user base of Slack, including third-party hosting costs and employee-related costs, including stock-based
compensation expense, specific to customer experience and technical operations.
Cost of professional services and other revenues consists primarily of employee-related costs associated with these services, including stock-based
compensation expense, the cost of subcontractors, certain third-party fees and allocated overhead. We believe that our professional services organization
facilitates the adoption of our service offerings, helps us to
31

Table of Contents
secure larger subscription revenue contracts and supports our customers’success. The cost of professional services may exceed revenues from professional
services in future fiscal periods.
Research and Development
Research and development expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenses, including stock-based compensation expense for our engineering
staff associated with product development, as well as allocated overhead.
Sales and Marketing
Sales and marketing expenses make up the majority of our operating expenses and consist primarily of salaries and related expenses, including stockbased compensation expense and commissions, for our sales and marketing staff, as well as payments to partners, marketing programs and allocated overhead.
Marketing programs consist of advertising, events, corporate communications, brand building and product marketing activities. We capitalize certain costs to
obtain customer contracts, such as commissions, and amortize these costs on a straight-line basis. As such, the timing of expense recognition for these
commissions is not consistent with the timing of the associated cash payment.
Our sales and marketing expenses include amortization of certain acquisition-related intangible assets, such as the amortization of the cost associated
with an acquired company’s trade names, customer lists and customer relationships.
General and Administrative
General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenses, including stock-based compensation expense, for finance and
accounting, legal, internal audit, human resources and management information systems personnel, as well as professional services fees and allocated
overhead.
We allocate overhead such as information technology infrastructure, rent, occupancy charges and certain employee benefits based on headcount. As such,
these types of expenses are reflected in each cost of revenue and operating expense category.
Restructuring
Restructuring, primarily related to the Restructuring Plan, consists of charges related to employee transition, severance payments, employee benefits and
stock-based compensation as well as exit charges associated with office space reductions. The employee actions associated with the Restructuring Plan are
substantially complete and the targeted workforce reduction initiated in the first quarter of fiscal 2025 is expected to be substantially complete in fiscal 2025.
The real estate actions associated with the Restructuring Plan are expected to be fully complete in fiscal 2026. Restructuring excludes allocated overhead.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
Our condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The
preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses, and related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions. Our actual results may differ
from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
We believe that of our significant accounting policies, which are described in Note 1 “Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies” to our
condensed consolidated financial statements, the following accounting policies and specific estimates involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity.
Accordingly, these are the policies and estimates we believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial
condition and results of operations:
• the standalone selling price (“SSP”) of performance obligations for revenue contracts with multiple performance obligations;
• the valuation of privately held strategic investments;
• the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed for business combinations;
• the recognition, measurement and valuation of current and deferred income taxes and uncertain tax positions;
• the useful lives of intangible assets; and
• the fair value of certain stock awards issued.
These estimates may change, as new events occur and additional information is obtained, and such changes will be recognized in the condensed
consolidated financial statements as soon as they become known. Actual results could differ from these estimates and any such differences may be material to
our financial statements.
Additionally, refer to the “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2024 for further discussion with respect to these policies and estimates.
32

Table of Contents
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 1 “Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies” to the condensed consolidated financial statements for our discussion about new
accounting pronouncements.
Results of Operations
The following tables set forth selected data for each of the periods indicated (in millions):
1 Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 % of Total Revenues 2023 % of Total Revenues
Revenues:
Subscription and support $ 8,585 94 % $ 7,642 93 %
Professional services and other 548 6 605 7
Total revenues 9,133 100 8,247 100
Cost of revenues (1)(2):
Subscription and support 1,560 17 1,510 18
Professional services and other 602 7 615 8
Total cost of revenues 2,162 24 2,125 26
Gross profit 6,971 76 6,122 74
Operating expenses (1)(2):
Research and development 1,368 15 1,207 15
Sales and marketing 3,239 35 3,154 38
General and administrative 647 7 638 8
Restructuring 8 0 711 8
Total operating expenses 5,262 57 5,710 69
Income from operations 1,709 19 412 5
Gains (losses) on strategic investments, net 37 0 (141) (2)
Other income 121 1 55 1
Income before provision for income taxes 1,867 20 326 4
Provision for income taxes (334) (3) (127) (2)
Net income $ 1,533 17 % $ 199 2 %
(1) Amounts related to amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations, as follows (in millions):
Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 % of Total Revenues 2023 % of Total Revenues
Cost of revenues $ 238 3 % $ 248 3 %
Sales and marketing 223 2 223 3
(2) Amounts related to stock-based compensation expense, as follows (in millions):
Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 % of Total Revenues 2023 % of Total Revenues
Cost of revenues $ 119 1 % $ 103 1 %
Research and development 260 3 241 3
Sales and marketing 290 3 263 3
General and administrative 81 1 73 1
Restructuring 0 0 16 0
33

Table of Contents
The following table sets forth selected balance sheet data and other metrics for each of the periods indicated (in millions, except remaining performance
obligation, which is presented in billions):
As of
April 30, 2024 January 31, 2024
Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities $ 17,670 $ 14,194
Unearned revenue 16,061 19,003
Remaining performance obligation 53.9 56.9
Principal due on our outstanding debt obligations (1) 9,500 9,500
(1) Amounts do not include operating or financing lease obligations.
Remaining performance obligation represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which includes unearned revenue and unbilled
amounts that will be recognized as revenue in future periods.
Revenues
Three Months Ended April 30, Variance
(in millions) 2024 2023 Dollars Percent
Subscription and support $ 8,585 $ 7,642 $ 943 12 %
Professional services and other 548 605 (57) (9)%
Total revenues $ 9,133 $ 8,247 $ 886 11 %
The increase in subscription and support revenues for the three months ended April 30, 2024 was primarily caused by volume-driven increases from new
business, which includes new customers, upgrades and additional subscriptions from existing customers. Pricing was not a significant driver of the increase in
revenues for the period. Revenues from term software licenses, which are recognized at a point in time, represented approximately seven percent and five
percent of total subscription and support revenues for the three months ended April 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Subscription and support revenues
accounted for approximately 94 percent and 93 percent of our total revenues for the three months ended April 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
The decrease in professional services and other revenues was due primarily to less demand for larger, multi-year transformation engagements and, in
some cases, delayed projects. These trends may continue in the near term.
Subscription and Support Revenues by Service Of ering
Subscription and support revenues consisted of the following (in millions):
Three Months Ended April 30,
2024
As a % of Total
Subscription and Support
Revenues 2023
As a % of Total
Subscription and Support
Revenues Growth Rate
Sales $ 1,998 23 % $ 1,810 24 % 10 %
Service 2,182 26 1,964 26 11
Platform and Other 1,718 20 1,567 20 10
Marketing and Commerce 1,282 15 1,170 15 10
Integration and Analytics (1) 1,405 16 1,131 15 24
Total $ 8,585 100 % $ 7,642 100 % 12 %
(1) In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024, the Company renamed the service offering previously referred to as Data to Integration and Analytics, which
includes Mulesoft and Tableau.
Our industry vertical service offerings revenue is included in one of the above service offerings depending on the primary service purchased.
Integration and Analytics subscription and support revenues include revenues from term software licenses, which are recognized at the point in time when
the software is made available to the customer. Therefore, we expect Integration and Analytics to experience greater volatility in revenues period to period
compared to our other service offerings and recent revenue trends may not be indicative of future performance. Additionally, as we transition customers within
the Integration and Analytics offering from term software licenses to subscription based services, revenue associated with such customers will generally be
recognized ratably over the contract term, which we expect may potentially result in less revenue in the period the customer transitions but incremental
revenues over the remaining term.
34

Table of Contents
Revenues by Geography
Three Months Ended April 30,
(in millions) 2024 As a % of Total Revenues 2023 As a % of Total Revenues Growth Rate
Americas $ 6,062 66 % $ 5,482 66 % 11 %
Europe 2,145 24 1,951 24 10
Asia Pacific 926 10 814 10 14
Total $ 9,133 100 % $ 8,247 100 % 11 %
Revenues by geography are determined based on the region of the Salesforce contracting entity, which may be different than the region of the customer.
The increase in revenues across all regions was due primarily to the continued execution of our business and growth strategy, including increasing our
geographic reach primarily through extending our go-to-market capabilities globally. During the three months ended April 30, 2024, revenues outside of the
Americas were negatively impacted by approximately one percent by foreign currency fluctuations compared to the three months ended April 30, 2023.
Cost of Revenues
Three Months Ended April 30,
Variance
(in millions) 2024 As a % of Total Revenues 2023 As a % of Total Revenues Dollars
Subscription and support $ 1,560 17 % $ 1,510 18 % $ 50
Professional services and other 602 7 % 615 8 % (13)
Total cost of revenues $ 2,162 24 % $ 2,125 26 % $ 37
For the three months ended April 30, 2024, the increase in cost of revenues in absolute dollars was primarily due to an increase in employee-related
costs, including stock-based compensation expense. Cost of revenues as a percentage of total revenues during the three months ended April 30, 2024 decreased
by two percent from the same period a year ago due to a decrease in relative employee-related costs, including stock-based compensation expense, as well as
reduced service delivery expenses. Our cost of revenues headcount increased by one percent during the three months ended April 30, 2024.
We intend to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services and data center capacity to allow us to scale with our
customers and continue to evolve our security measures. The timing of these expenses may cause our cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues to fluctuate
in the near term due to changes in demand for our service offerings.
Operating Expenses
Three Months Ended April 30,
Variance
(in millions) 2024 As a % of Total Revenues 2023 As a % of Total Revenues Dollars
Research and development $ 1,368 15 % $ 1,207 15 % $ 161
Sales and marketing 3,239 35 3,154 38 85
General and administrative 647 7 638 8 9
Restructuring 8 0 711 8 (703)
Total operating expenses $ 5,262 57 % $ 5,710 69 % $ (448)
For the three months ended April 30, 2024, the increase in research and development expenses in absolute dollars was primarily due to an increase in
employee-related costs, including stock-based compensation expense. Research and development expenses as a percentage of total revenues during the three
months ended April 30, 2024 was consistent with the same period a year ago. Our research and development headcount increased by 16 percent during the
three months ended April 30, 2024, primarily in lower cost regions.
We expect that research and development expenses will likely remain consistent as a percentage of revenue in the near term as we continue to invest in
technology to support the development of new, and improve existing, technologies, including our AI technologies and our Data Cloud service offering, and the
integration of acquired technologies combined with our anticipated revenue growth in line with these incremental expenses.
For the three months ended April 30, 2024, the increase in sales and marketing expenses in absolute dollars was primarily due to an increase in
employee-related costs, including stock-based compensation expense. Sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of total revenues during the three months
ended April 30, 2024 decreased by three percent from the same period a
35

Table of Contents
year ago due to a decrease in relative employee-related costs, including stock-based compensation expense. Our sales and marketing headcount decreased by
one percent during the three months ended April 30, 2024.
We expect that sales and marketing expenses will likely decrease as a percentage of revenues in the near term as we continue to focus on leveraging our
self-serve and partner-led channels and increasing our sales productivity.
For the three months ended April 30, 2024, the increase in general and administrative expenses in absolute dollars was primarily due to an increase in
professional services expenses. General and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenues during the three months ended April 30, 2024 decreased
by one percent from the same period a year ago due to a decrease in employee-related costs. Our general and administrative headcount decreased by 5 percent
during the three months ended April 30, 2024.
We expect that general and administrative expenses will likely decrease as a percentage of revenues in the near term as we continue to invest in process
efficiency initiatives.
In the three months ended April 30, 2024, approximately $8 million of costs were incurred related to our restructuring initiatives, which primarily was
related to employee transition, severance payments and employee benefits. We do not expect to incur significant additional charges in connection with our
restructuring initiatives in the near term.
Other Income and Expenses
Three Months Ended April 30, Variance
(in millions) 2024 2023 Dollars
Gains (losses) on strategic investments, net $ 37 $ (141) $ 178
Other income 121 55 66
Gains (losses) on strategic investments, net consists primarily of mark-to-market adjustments related to our publicly held equity securities, observable
price adjustments related to our privately held equity securities and other adjustments including impairments. Our strategic investment portfolio continues to be
affected by challenging market conditions for companies in which we hold private equity, debt or other investments, as well as high public equity market
volatility. For the three months ended April 30, 2024, the gain on our strategic investment portfolio was primarily driven by unrealized gains on privately held
equity investments of $105 million and realized gains on sales of securities of $59 million, partially offset by impairments of $130 million. For the three
months ended April 30, 2023, the loss on strategic investments was primarily driven by impairments on privately held equity and debt securities of $177
million, partially offset by $38 million in unrealized gains on privately held equity securities.
Other income primarily consists of interest income on our marketable securities portfolio, which is partially offset by interest expense on our debt as well
as our finance leases. Other income increased primarily due to an increase in investment income from rising interest rates.
Provision For Income Taxes
Three Months Ended April 30, Variance
(in millions) 2024 2023 Dollars
Provision for income taxes $ (334) $ (127) $ (207)
Effective tax rate 18 % 39 %
We recorded a tax provision of $334 million on pretax income of $1.9 billion for the three months ended April 30, 2024. Our tax provision increased
from a year ago primarily due to higher pretax income. Our effective tax rate decreased from a year ago primarily due to excess tax benefits from stock based
compensation. Our effective tax rate may fluctuate due to changes in our domestic and foreign earnings, or material discrete tax items, or a combination of
these factors resulting from transactions or events, including acquisitions, changes to our operating structure and other macroeconomic factors.
Several countries have enacted legislation to implement the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development’s 15% global minimum tax
regime effective January 1, 2024. We expect other countries to follow. We do not anticipate material changes to our income tax provision for fiscal 2025. We
continue to evaluate the impacts of legislation in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Our effective tax rate and cash tax payment could increase in future
years.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
At April 30, 2024, our principal sources of liquidity were cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaling $17.7 billion and accounts receivable
of $4.3 billion. Our cash equivalents and marketable securities are comprised primarily of corporate notes and obligations, U.S. treasury securities, U.S. agency
obligations, asset-backed securities, foreign government obligations, mortgage-backed obligations, covered bonds, time deposits, money market mutual funds
and municipal securities. Our credit agreement (the “Revolving Loan Credit Agreement”), which as of April 30, 2024, provides the ability to borrow up to $3.0
billion in unsecured financing (the “Credit Facility”), also serves as a source of liquidity.
36

Table of Contents
Cash from operations could continue to be affected by various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the risks detailed in Part I, Item 1A,
“Risk Factors.” We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, cash provided by operating activities, unbilled amounts related to
contracted noncancellable subscription agreements, which are not reflected on the balance sheet, and, if necessary, our borrowing capacity under our Credit
Facility will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditure and debt maintenance needs over the next 12 months.
In the future, we may enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, technologies and intellectual property rights.
To facilitate these acquisitions or investments, we may seek additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all,
impacting our ability to complete subsequent acquisitions or investments.
Cash Flows
For the three months ended April 30, 2024 and 2023 our cash flows were as follows (in millions):
1 Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 2023
Net cash provided by operating activities $ 6,247 $ 4,491
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (2,651) 347
Net cash used in financing activities (2,108) (2,716)
Operating Activities
The net cash provided by operating activities during the three months ended April 30, 2024 was primarily comprised of net income of $1.5 billion,
adjusted for non-cash items, including $879 million of depreciation and amortization and $750 million of stock-based compensation expense. Cash provided by
operating activities can be significantly impacted by factors such as growth in new business, timing of cash receipts from customers, vendor payment terms and
timing of payments to vendors. Cash provided by operating activities during the three months ended April 30, 2024 was further benefited by the changes in
accounts receivable, net of $7.2 billion partially offset by the change in unearned revenue of $3.0 billion and the change in accounts payable and accrued
expenses and other liabilities of $755 million. As our business continues to grow, and assuming our expenses remain in line with or less than our revenue
growth, we expect to continue to see growth in net cash provided by operating activities.
The net cash provided by operating activities during the three months ended April 30, 2023 was comprised of net income of $199 million, adjusted for
non-cash items including $1.3 billion of depreciation and amortization and $696 million related to stock-based compensation expense. Cash provided by
operating activities can be significantly impacted by factors such as growth in new business, timing of cash receipts from customers, vendor payment terms and
timing of payments to vendors. Cash provided by operating activities during the three months ended April 30, 2023 was further benefited by the change in
accounts receivable, net of $6.1 billion due to cash collections and was partially offset by the change in unearned revenue of $2.3 billion.
Investing Activities
The net cash used in investing activities during the three months ended April 30, 2024 was primarily related to net outflows from marketable securities
activity of $2.0 billion, net outflows for the acquisition of Spiff of $338 million, net outflows from strategic investment activity of $150 million and capital
expenditures of $163 million.
The net cash provided by investing activities during the three months ended April 30, 2023 was related to net inflows of $686 million from marketable
securities activity which was partially offset by capital expenditures of $243 million and net outflows of $96 million from strategic investment activity.
Financing Activities
Net cash used in financing activities during the three months ended April 30, 2024 consisted primarily of $2.1 billion from repurchases of common stock
and $388 million related to payments of dividends, partially offset by $533 million from proceeds from equity plans.
Net cash used in financing activities during the three months ended April 30, 2023 consisted primarily of $2.1 billion from repurchases of common stock
and $1.0 billion related to the repayment of the 2023 Senior Notes, partially offset by $449 million from proceeds from equity plans.
Debt
As of April 30, 2024, we had senior unsecured debt outstanding, with maturities starting in July 2024 and extending through July 2061 with a total
carrying value of $9.4 billion, of which $1.0 billion was related to the 2024 Senior Notes due in the next 12 months. We were in compliance with all debt
covenants as of April 30, 2024.
37

Table of Contents
In December 2020, we entered into the Revolving Loan Credit Agreement, which provides for a $3.0 billion unsecured revolving Credit Facility that
matures in December 2025. There were no outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility as of April 30, 2024. We may use the proceeds of future
borrowings under the Credit Facility for general corporate purposes, which may include, without limitation, the consideration, fees, costs and expenses related
to any acquisition. In April 2022 and May 2023, we amended the Revolving Loan Credit Agreement to reflect certain immaterial administrative changes.
We do not have any special purpose entities and we do not engage in off-balance sheet financing arrangements.
Share Repurchase Program
In August 2022, the Board authorized a program to repurchase up to $10.0 billion of our common stock (the “Share Repurchase Program”). The Share
Repurchase Program does not have a fixed expiration date and does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares. In February 2023, the Board
authorized an additional $10.0 billion in repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program. In February 2024, the Board of Directors authorized an additional
$10.0 billion in repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program for an aggregate total authorization of $30.0 billion.
We repurchased the following under the Share Repurchase Program (in millions, except average price per share):
2024 2023
Shares
Average price per
share Amount Shares
Average price per
share Amount
Three months ended April 30 7 $ 293.00 $ 2,168 11 $ 188.17 $ 2,143
All repurchases were made in open market transactions. As of April 30, 2024, we were authorized to purchase a remaining $16.2 billion of the
Company’s common stock under the Share Repurchase Program. Subsequent to April 30, 2024, we have paid approximately $0.6 billion through May 24, 2024
for additional shares under the Share Repurchase Program.
The Inflation Reduction Act introduced a new one percent excise tax imposed on certain stock repurchases made after December 31, 2022. The excise
tax is assessed on an annual fiscal year basis and generally paid in the subsequent fiscal year. However, we expect the timing of the fiscal 2024 payment to be
determined by the anticipated final regulations. The excise tax may apply to our stock repurchases this fiscal year and could be impacted by factors including
the Company’s share price. In the event of an excise tax for fiscal 2025, next fiscal year's financing cash flow could be impacted.
Dividends
On February 28, 2024, we announced a quarterly dividend policy and the declaration of our first-ever cash dividend. In April 2024, we paid a cash
dividend of $0.40 per share of our outstanding common stock to stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 14, 2024, totaling approximately
$388 million.
The declaration and payment of future cash dividends is subject to our Board continuing to determine that the declaration of dividends is in the best
interests of the Company and its stockholders, after giving consideration to continued capital availability, general economic and market conditions, and
applicable laws and agreements.
Contractual Obligations
Our principal commitments consist of obligations under leases for office space, co-location data center facilities and our development and test data
center, as well as leases for computer equipment, software, furniture and fixtures. As of April 30, 2024, the future noncancellable minimum payments under
these commitments were approximately $4.4 billion, with payments of $780 million due in the next nine months and $3.6 billion due thereafter. We generally
expect to satisfy these commitments with cash on hand and cash provided by operating activities.
During the three months ended April 30, 2024 and in future years, we have made, and expect to continue to make, additional investments in our
infrastructure to scale our operations to increase productivity and enhance our security measures. We plan to upgrade or replace various internal systems to
scale with our overall growth. While we continue to make investments in our infrastructure, including offices, information technology and data centers, as well
as investments with infrastructure service providers, to provide capacity for the growth of our business, our strategy may continue to change related to these
investments and we may slow the pace of our investments.
Other Future Obligations
As of April 30, 2024, we expect approximately $180 million to $200 million in future cash payments related to our restructuring initiatives, primarily
related to workforce costs such as severance payments. We generally expect to satisfy these commitments with cash on hand and cash provided by operating
activities. Additionally, as we have utilized the majority of our net operating loss and tax credits carryforward, we expect an increase in cash taxes.
38

Table of Contents
Environmental, Social and Governance
We believe that business is the greatest platform for change. By focusing on environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) excellence, Salesforce strives
to be a leading example of an ethical, resilient company delivering value to stakeholders now and in the future. We aim to maintain our public commitments
with the highest standards of integrity and transparency and enable compliance with global ESG regulations.
Guided by our values, we work to earn the trust of our stakeholders. Transparency is key to trust, which is why we have published an annual ESG report
for over ten years to keep our stakeholders informed and to hold ourselves accountable to our ESG strategy, as well as our key programs, goals, commitments
and metrics. Our ESG disclosures are also informed by relevant topics identified through ESG relevancy assessments and third-party ESG reporting
organizations, frameworks and standards, such as the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (“SASB”) Standards and the Task Force on Climate-Related
Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”). Read more about these initiatives and view our Stakeholder Impact Report at https://salesforce.com/stakeholder-impactreport. Website references throughout this document are provided for convenience only, and the content on the referenced websites is not incorporated by
reference into this report.
While we believe that our ESG goals align with our long-term growth strategy and financial and operational priorities, they are aspirational and may
change, and there is no guarantee or promise that they will be met.
39

Table of Contents
ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
We are exposed to financial market risks, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and equity investment risks. This exposure
has increased due to recent financial market movements and changes to our expectations of near-term possible movements caused by the impact of the
macroeconomic environment as discussed in more detail below.
Foreign Currency Exchange Risk
We primarily conduct our business in the following locations: the United States, Europe, Canada, Latin America, Asia Pacific and Japan. The expanding
global scope of our business exposes us to the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency markets, including emerging markets. This exposure is the result of
selling in multiple currencies, operating in countries where the functional currency is the local currency and growth in our international investments, including
data center expansion, costs associated with third-party infrastructure providers and additional headcount in foreign countries. Specifically, our results of
operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations in the following currencies: the Euro, British Pound Sterling, Japanese Yen, Canadian Dollar, Australian
Dollar and Brazilian Real against the United States Dollar (“USD”). These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve and economic
conditions change. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates could have an adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows.
Foreign Currency Transaction Risk
Our foreign currency exposures typically arise from selling annual and multi-year subscriptions in multiple currencies, customer accounts receivable,
intercompany transfer pricing arrangements and other intercompany transactions. Our foreign currency management objective is to minimize the effect of
fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on selected assets or liabilities without exposing us to additional risk associated with transactions that could be regarded
as speculative.
We pursue our objective by utilizing foreign currency forward contracts to offset foreign exchange risk. Our foreign currency forward contracts are
generally short-term in duration. We neither use these foreign currency forward contracts for trading purposes nor do we currently designate these forward
contracts as hedging instruments under the relevant accounting and financial reporting guidelines. Accordingly, we record the fair values of these contracts as
of the end of our reporting period to our condensed consolidated balance sheets with changes in fair values recorded to our condensed consolidated statements
of operations. Given the short duration of the forward contracts, the amount recorded is not significant. Our ultimate realized gain or loss with respect to
foreign currency exposures will generally depend on the size and type of cross-currency transactions that we enter into, the currency exchange rates associated
with these exposures and changes in those rates, the net realized gain or loss on our foreign currency forward contracts and other factors.
Foreign Currency Translation Risk
Fluctuations in foreign currencies impact the amount of total assets, liabilities, revenues, operating expenses and cash flows that we report for our foreign
subsidiaries upon the translation of these amounts into USD. Total revenue during the three months ended April 30, 2024, was minimally impacted by
fluctuations in foreign currencies compared to the three months ended April 30, 2023. In addition, fluctuations in USD against international currencies
minimally impacted our current remaining performance obligation as of April 30, 2024 compared to what we would have reported as of April 30, 2023 using
constant currency rates.
Interest Rate Sensitivity
As of April 30, 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaling $17.7 billion. This amount was invested primarily in money market
funds, time deposits, corporate notes and bonds, government securities and other debt securities with credit ratings of at least BBB or better. The cash, cash
equivalents and marketable securities are held for general corporate purposes, including share repurchases, dividend payments, acquisitions of, or investments
in, complementary businesses, services or technologies, working capital and capital expenditures. Our investments are made for capital preservation purposes.
We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes.
Our cash equivalents and our portfolio of marketable securities are subject to market risk due to changes in interest rates. Fixed-rate securities may have
their market value adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest rates fall.
Due in part to these factors, our future investment income may fall short of expectations due to changes in interest rates or we may suffer losses in principal if
we are forced to sell securities that decline in market value due to changes in interest rates. However, because we classify our debt securities as “available for
sale,” no gains or losses are recognized in our condensed consolidated statement of operations due to changes in interest rates. Gains or losses recognized in
our condensed consolidated statement of operations are limited to those related to either the sale of securities prior to maturity or expected credit losses.
Our fixed-income portfolio is also subject to interest rate risk. An immediate increase or decrease in interest rates of 100 basis points at April 30, 2024
could result in a $80 million market value reduction or increase of the same amount. This estimate is based on a sensitivity model that measures market value
changes when changes in interest rates occur. Fluctuations
40

Table of Contents
in the value of our investment securities caused by a change in interest rates (gains or losses on the carrying value) are recorded in other comprehensive
income, net, and are realized only if we sell the underlying securities.
At January 31, 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaling $14.2 billion. Changes in interest rates of 100 basis points would
have resulted in market value changes of $65 million.
Market Risk and Market Interest Risk
We deposit our cash with multiple financial institutions.
Debt
We maintain debt obligations that are subject to market interest risk, as follows (in millions):
Instrument Maturity Date
Principal
Outstanding as of
April 30, 2024 Interest Terms Contractual Interest Rate
2024 Senior Notes July 2024 $ 1,000 Fixed 0.625%
Credit Facility December 2025 0 Floating N/A
2028 Senior Notes April 2028 1,500 Fixed 3.70
2028 Senior Sustainability Notes July 2028 1,000 Fixed 1.50
2031 Senior Notes July 2031 1,500 Fixed 1.95
2041 Senior Notes July 2041 1,250 Fixed 2.70
2051 Senior Notes July 2051 2,000 Fixed 2.90
2061 Senior Notes July 2061 1,250 Fixed 3.05
Any borrowings under our Credit Facility bear interest, at our option, at a base rate plus a spread of 0.00% to 0.125% or an adjusted benchmark rate plus
a spread of 0.50% to 1.125%, in each case with such spread being determined based on our credit rating. We are also obligated to pay an ongoing commitment
fee on undrawn amounts. As of April 30, 2024, there was no outstanding borrowing amount under the Credit Facility.
The bank counterparties to our derivative contracts potentially expose us to credit-related losses in the event of their nonperformance. To mitigate that
risk, we only contract with counterparties who meet the minimum requirements under our counterparty risk assessment process. We monitor ratings, credit
spreads and potential downgrades on at least a quarterly basis. Based on our ongoing assessment of counterparty risk, we adjust our exposure to various
counterparties. We generally enter into master netting arrangements, which reduce credit risk by permitting net settlement of transactions with the same
counterparty. However, we do not have any master netting arrangements in place with collateral features.
Strategic Investments
As of April 30, 2024, our strategic investment portfolio consisted of investments in over 400 companies with a combined carrying value of $5.0 billion,
including two privately held investments with carrying values that were individually greater than five percent of the total strategic investments portfolio and
represented 15 percent of the portfolio in aggregate.
The following table sets forth additional information regarding active equity investments within our strategic investment portfolio as of April 30, 2024
and excludes exited investments (in millions):
Investment Type Capital Invested Unrealized Gains (Cumulative) Unrealized Losses (Cumulative)
Carrying Value as of April 30,
2024
Publicly held equity securities $ 26 $ 57 $ 0 $ 83
Privately held equity securities 4,111 1,268 (617) 4,762
Total equity securities $ 4,137 $ 1,325 $ (617) $ 4,845
Fluctuations in the value of our privately held equity securities are only recorded when there is an observable transaction for a same or similar security of
the same issuer, or in the event of impairment. We anticipate future volatility in our condensed consolidated statement of operations due to changes in market
prices, observable price changes and impairments of our strategic investments. The resulting gains or losses could be material depending on market conditions
and events, particularly in periods with economic uncertainty, inflation, volatile public equity markets or unsettled global market conditions.
Our investments in privately held equity securities are in various classes of equity with varying rights and preferences. The particular securities we hold,
and their rights and preferences relative to other securities within the capital structure, may impact the magnitude by which our investment value moves in
relation to movement in the total enterprise value of the company. As a result, the value of our investment in a specific company may move by more or less
than a change in that company’s overall value. Our ten largest privately held equity securities represent 38 percent of our total strategic investments
41

Table of Contents
as of April 30, 2024. If the enterprise value of the companies in which we hold those securities decreased by ten percent, the carrying value of our investment
portfolio would have declined by approximately $124 million.
We continually evaluate our investments in privately held and publicly traded companies. In certain cases, our ability to sell these investments may be
impacted by contractual obligations to hold the securities for a set period of time after a public offering.
In addition, the financial success of our investment in any company is typically dependent on a liquidity event, such as a public offering, acquisition or
other favorable market event reflecting appreciation to the cost of our initial investment. All of our investments, particularly those in privately held companies,
are therefore subject to a risk of partial or total loss of invested capital.
42

Table of Contents
ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), as of the end of the period covered by this report.
In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how
well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls
and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of
possible controls and procedures relative to their costs.
Based on management’s evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by
this report, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to, and are effective to, provide assurance at a reasonable level, that the information we are
required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief
executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.
(b) Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we
conducted an evaluation of any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the
Exchange Act) that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter. Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer concluded that there has not been any material change in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter covered by this report that
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
43

Table of Contents
PART II. OTHER INFORMATION
ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
We evaluate all claims and lawsuits with respect to their potential merits, our potential defenses and counterclaims, settlement or litigation potential and
the expected effect on us. Our technologies may be subject to an injunction if they are found to infringe the rights of a third party. In addition, many of our
subscription agreements require us to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which could increase the cost to us of
an adverse ruling on such a claim.
The outcome of any claims or litigation, regardless of the merits, is inherently uncertain. Any claims and other lawsuits, and the disposition of such
claims and lawsuits, whether through settlement or litigation, could be time-consuming and expensive to resolve, divert our attention from executing our
business plan, result in efforts to enjoin our activities, lead to attempts by third parties to seek similar claims and, in the case of intellectual property claims,
require us to change our technology, change our business practices, pay monetary damages or enter into short- or long-term royalty or licensing agreements.
For more information regarding legal proceedings see Note 13 “Legal Proceedings and Claims” to the condensed consolidated financial statements in
Item 1 of Part I.
44

Table of Contents
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Other events that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem
immaterial also may af ect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, other key metrics and the trading price of our common stock.
Risk Factor Summary
Operational and Execution Risks
• Any breaches in our security measures or those of our third-party data center hosting facilities, cloud computing platform providers or third-party
service partners, or the underlying infrastructure of the Internet that cause unauthorized access to a customer’s data, our data or our IT systems, or the
blockage or disablement of authorized access to our services.
• Any defects or disruptions in our services that diminish demand for our services.
• Any interruptions or delays in services from third parties, including data center hosting facilities, cloud computing platform providers and other
hardware and software vendors, or from our inability to adequately plan for and manage service interruptions or infrastructure capacity requirements.
• An inability to realize the expected business or financial benefits of company and technology acquisitions.
• Strain on our personnel resources and infrastructure from supporting our existing and growing customer base or an inability to scale our operations
and increase productivity.
• Customer attrition, or our inability to accurately predict subscription renewals and upgrade rates.
• Disruptions caused by periodic changes to our sales organization.
• Dependency of our services on the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the Internet by third parties.
• Exposure to risks inherent in international operations from sales to customers outside the United States.
• A more time-consuming and expensive sales cycle, pricing pressure and implementation and configuration challenges as we target more of our sales
efforts at larger enterprise customers.
• Any loss of key members of our management team or development and operations personnel, or inability to attract and retain employees necessary to
support our operations and growth.
• Any failure in the delivery of high-quality professional and technical support services related to our online applications.
Strategic and Industry Risks
• An inability to compete effectively in the intensely competitive markets in which we participate.
• Any failure to expand our services and to develop and integrate our existing services in order to keep pace with technological developments.
• An inability to maintain and enhance our brands.
• Partial or complete loss of invested capital, or significant changes in the fair value, of our strategic investment portfolio.
• Any discontinuance by third-party developers and providers in embracing our technology delivery model and enterprise cloud computing services, or
customers asking us for warranties for third-party applications, integrations, data and content.
• Social and ethical issues, including the use or capabilities of AI in our offerings.
• Risks related to our aspirations and disclosures related to ESG matters.
Legal and Regulatory Risks
• Privacy concerns and laws as well as evolving regulation of cloud computing, increased restriction of cross-border data transfers and other regulatory
developments.
• Evolving industry-specific regulations, requirements, interpretive positions or standards.
• Lawsuits against us by third parties for various claims, including alleged infringement of proprietary rights.
• Any failure to obtain registration or protection of our intellectual property rights.
• Risks related to government contracts and related procurement regulations.
• Governmental sanctions and export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets and may subject us to
liability.
45

Table of Contents
Financial Risks
• Downturns or upturns in new business, which may not be immediately reflected in our operating results because we generally recognize revenue from
subscriptions for our services over the term of the subscription.
• Significant fluctuations in our rate of anticipated growth and any failure to balance our expenses with our revenue forecasts.
• Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate and additional tax liabilities and global tax developments.
• Fluctuations in currency exchange rates, particularly the U.S. Dollar versus local currencies.
• Our debt service obligations, lease commitments and other contractual obligations.
• Accounting pronouncements and changes in other financial and non-financial reporting standards.
Risks Related to Owning Our Common Stock
• Fluctuations in our quarterly results.
• Volatility in the market price of our common stock and associated litigation.
• Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law that might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of the
Company or changes in our management.
General Risks
• Volatile and significantly weakened global economic conditions.
• The occurrence of natural disasters and other events beyond our control.
• The long-term impact of climate change on our business.
Operational and Execution Risks
If our security measures or those of our third-party data center hosting facilities, cloud computing platform providers or third-party service partners,
or the underlying infrastructure of the Internet are breached, and unauthorized access is obtained to a customer’s data, our data or our IT systems, or
authorized access is blocked or disabled, our services may be perceived as not being secure, customers may curtail or stop using our services, and we may
incur significant reputational harm, legal exposure and liabilities, or a negative financial impact.
Our services involve the storage and transmission of our customers’ and our customers’ customers’ proprietary and other sensitive data, including
financial, health and other personal information. Our services and underlying infrastructure may in the future be materially breached or compromised as a result
of the following:
• third-party attempts to fraudulently induce our employees, partners or customers to disclose sensitive information such as usernames, passwords or
other information to gain access to our customers’ data or IT systems, or our data or our IT systems;
• efforts by individuals or groups of hackers and sophisticated organizations, such as criminal organizations, state-sponsored organizations or nationstates, to launch coordinated attacks, including ransomware, destructive malware and distributed denial-of-service attacks;
• third-party attempts to abuse our marketing, advertising, messaging or social products and functionalities to impersonate persons or organizations and
disseminate information that is false, misleading or malicious;
• cyberattacks on our internally built infrastructure on which many of our service offerings operate, or on third-party cloud-computing platform
providers;
• vulnerabilities resulting from enhancements and updates to our existing service offerings;
• vulnerabilities in the products or components across the broad ecosystem that our services operate in conjunction with and are dependent on;
• vulnerabilities existing within new technologies and infrastructures, including those from acquired companies;
• attacks on, or vulnerabilities in, the many different underlying networks and services that power the Internet that our products depend on, most of
which are not under our control or the control of our vendors, partners or customers; and
• employee or contractor errors or intentional acts that compromise our security systems.
These risks are mitigated, to the extent possible, by our ability to maintain and improve business and data governance policies, enhanced processes and
internal security controls, including our ability to escalate and respond to known and potential risks. Our Board of Directors (“Board”), Cybersecurity and
Privacy Committee and executive management are regularly briefed on our cybersecurity policies and practices and ongoing efforts to improve security, as well
as updates on cybersecurity events. We can provide no assurances that our security measures, including implemented systems and processes designed to protect
our customers’ and our customers’ customers’ proprietary and other sensitive data, will provide absolute security or otherwise be
46

Table of Contents
effective or that a material breach will not occur. For example, our ability to mitigate these risks may be impacted by the following:
• frequent changes to, and growth in complexity of, the techniques used to breach, obtain unauthorized access to, or sabotage IT systems and
infrastructure, including as a result of the increased use of AI technologies by bad actors, which are generally not recognized until launched against a
target, and could result in our being unable to anticipate or implement adequate measures to prevent such techniques;
• the continued evolution of our internal IT systems as we early adopt new technologies and new ways of sharing data and communicating internally
and with partners and customers, which increases the complexity of our IT systems;
• the acquisition of new companies, requiring us to incorporate and secure different or more complex IT environments;
• authorization by our customers to third-party technology providers to access their customer data, which may lead to our customers’ inability to protect
their data that is stored on our servers; and
• our limited control over our customers or third-party technology providers, or the processing of data by third-party technology providers, which may
not allow us to maintain the integrity or security of such transmissions or processing.
In the normal course of business, we are and have been the target of malicious cyberattack attempts and have experienced other security incidents.
Although, to date, such identified security events have not been material or significant to us, including to our reputation or business operations, or had a
material financial impact, there can be no assurance that future cyberattacks will not be material or significant. Additionally, as our market presence grows, we
may face increased risks of cyberattack attempts or security threats, and as AI technologies, including generative AI models, develop rapidly, threat actors are
starting to use these technologies to create new sophisticated attack methods that are increasingly automated, targeted and coordinated and more difficult to
defend against.
A security breach or incident could result in unauthorized parties obtaining access to, or the denial of authorized access to, our IT systems or data, or our
customers’systems or data, including intellectual property and proprietary, sensitive or other confidential information. A security breach could also result in a
loss of confidence in the security of our services, damage our reputation, negatively impact our future sales, disrupt our business and lead to increases in
insurance premiums and legal, regulatory and financial exposure and liability. Further, there can be no assurance that our insurance coverage will be sufficient
to cover the financial, legal, business, or reputational losses that may result from a cybersecurity incident or breach of our IT systems. Finally, the detection,
prevention and remediation of known or potential security vulnerabilities, including those arising from third-party hardware or software, may result in
additional financial burdens due to additional direct and indirect costs, such as additional infrastructure capacity spending to mitigate any system degradation
and the reallocation of resources from development activities.
For example, in April 2022, we learned a threat actor had obtained unauthorized access to several databases on Heroku, a Salesforce platform-as-aservice. The threat actor downloaded stored customer security credentials and passwords for logging into GitHub, a third-party code hosting service used by
both Heroku and Heroku customers. The threat actor was also able to download passwords for a subset of customer user accounts and access the encryption
key. While we do not believe this incident materially affected our business or financial results, there is no assurance that such circumstances or other similar
incidents in the future could not result in a material adverse effect on our business.
Defects or disruptions in our services could diminish demand for our services and subject us to substantial liability.
Because our services are complex and incorporate a variety of hardware, proprietary software, third-party and open-source software, our services may
have errors or defects that could result in unanticipated downtime for our subscribers and harm to our reputation and our business. Our customers may also use
our services in unanticipated ways that may cause a disruption in services for other customers attempting to access their data. Across the industry, cloud
services frequently contain undetected errors when first introduced or when new versions or enhancements are released. We may also encounter difficulties
integrating acquired or licensed technologies into our services and in augmenting the technologies to meet the quality standards that are consistent with our
brand and reputation. As a result, our services may contain errors or defects resulting from the complexities of integrating new technologies.
We have from time to time found defects in, and experienced disruptions to, our services and new defects or disruptions may occur in the future. Such
defects could be the result of employee, contractor or other third-party acts or inaction, and could negatively affect our brand and reputation. We have
experienced and may in the future experience defects in our products that created vulnerabilities that inadvertently permitted access to protected customer data.
We can provide no assurance that such product defects or other vulnerabilities will not occur in the future that have a material adverse effect on our business or
subject us to substantial liability. Vulnerabilities in open source or any proprietary or third-party product can persist even after security patches have been
issued if customers have not installed the most recent updates, or if the attackers exploited the vulnerabilities before patching was complete. In some cases,
vulnerabilities may not be immediately detected, which may make it difficult to recover critical services and lead to damaged assets.
47

Table of Contents
Since our customers use our services for important aspects of their business, any errors, defects, disruptions in service or other performance problems
could hurt our reputation and may damage our customers’ businesses. As a result, customers could elect to not renew our services or delay or withhold payment
to us. We could also lose future sales or customers may make warranty or other claims against us, which could result in an increase in our allowance for
doubtful accounts, an increase in collection cycles for accounts receivable or the expense and risk of litigation.
Any interruptions or delays in services from third parties, including data center hosting facilities, cloud computing platform providers and other
hardware and software vendors, or from our inability to adequately plan for and manage service interruptions or infrastructure capacity requirements,
could impair the delivery of our services and harm our business.
We currently serve our customers from third-party data center hosting facilities and cloud computing platform providers located in the United States and
other countries. We also rely on computer hardware purchased or leased from, software licensed from, and cloud computing platforms provided by, third parties
in order to offer our services, including database software, hardware and data from a variety of vendors. Any disruption or damage to, or failure of our systems
generally, including the systems of our third-party platform providers, could result in interruptions in our services and harm our business. We have from time to
time experienced interruptions in our services and such interruptions may occur in the future. As we increase our reliance on these third-party systems,
particularly with respect to third-party cloud computing platforms, our exposure to damage from service interruptions or other performance or quality issues
may increase. Interruptions in our services or other performance or quality issues may cause us to issue credits or pay penalties, cause customers to make
warranty or other claims against us or to terminate their subscriptions, and adversely affect our attrition rates and our ability to attract new customers, all of
which would reduce our revenue. Our business and reputation would also be harmed if our customers and potential customers believe our services are
unreliable.
For many of our offerings, our production environment and customers’ data are replicated in a separate facility located elsewhere. Certain offerings,
including some offerings of companies added through acquisitions, may be served through alternate facilities or arrangements. We do not control the operation
of any of these facilities, and they may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures and
similar events. They may also be subject to break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of destruction or vandalism or similar misconduct, as well as local
administrative actions (including shelter-in-place or similar orders), changes to legal or permitting requirements and litigation to stop, limit or delay operation.
In addition, supply chain disruptions due to geopolitical developments in Europe may also lead to power disruptions in regions where our facilities are located.
Despite precautions taken at these facilities, such as disaster recovery and business continuity arrangements, the occurrence of any of the foregoing events or
risks, or a natural disaster or public health emergency, an act of terrorism, a decision to close the facilities without adequate notice or other unanticipated
problems or operational failures at these facilities could result in lengthy interruptions in our services, and no assurance can be provided that any such
interruptions would be remediated without significant cost or in a timely manner or at all.
The hardware, software, data and cloud computing platforms that we rely on, including, for example, the large language models leveraged in our AI
offerings, may not continue to be available at reasonable prices, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Any loss of the right to use any of these hardware,
software, data or cloud computing platforms could significantly increase our expenses and disrupt or otherwise result in delays in the provisioning of our
services until equivalent technology is either developed by us, or, if available, is identified, obtained through purchase or license and integrated into our
services, and no assurance can be provided that such equivalent technology would be developed or obtained in a timely manner or at all.
As we scale our operations, the amount and type of information transferred on our offerings continues to evolve, including as a result of the deployment
of AI technologies, and our infrastructure capacity requirements, including network capacity and computing power, may increase as a result. If we do not
accurately plan for our infrastructure capacity requirements and we experience significant strains on our data center capacity, our customers could experience
performance degradation or service outages that may subject us to financial liabilities, result in customer losses and harm our reputation and business. As we
add data centers and capacity and continue to move to cloud computing platform providers, we move or transfer our data and our customers’ data from time to
time. Despite precautions taken during this process, any unsuccessful data transfers may impair the delivery of our services, which may damage our business.
As we acquire companies or technologies, we may not realize the expected business or financial benefits and the acquisitions could prove dif icult to
integrate, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely af ect our operating results and the market value of our common stock.
As part of our business strategy, we periodically acquire complementary businesses, joint ventures, services and technologies and intellectual property
rights. We continue to evaluate such opportunities and expect to make such acquisitions in the future.
Acquisitions and other transactions and arrangements involve numerous risks and could create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures,
including:
48

Table of Contents
• potential failure to achieve the expected benefits on a timely basis or at all;
• potential identified or unknown security vulnerabilities in acquired products that expose us to additional security risks or delay our ability to integrate
the product into our service offerings;
• difficulties in increasing or maintaining the security standards for acquired technology consistent with our other services, and related costs;
• difficulty of transitioning the acquired technology onto our existing platforms and customer acceptance of multiple platforms on a temporary or
permanent basis;
• augmenting the acquired technologies and platforms to the levels that are consistent with our brand and reputation;
• brand or reputational harm associated with our acquired companies;
• challenges converting the acquired company’s revenue recognition policies and forecasting the related revenues, including subscription-based
revenues and term software license revenue, as well as appropriate allocation of the customer consideration to the individual deliverables;
• division of financial and managerial resources from existing operations;
• challenges entering into new markets in which we have little or no experience or where competitors may have stronger market positions;
• currency and regulatory risks associated with foreign countries and potential additional cybersecurity and compliance risks resulting from entry into
new markets;
• difficulties and strain on resources in integrating acquired operations, technologies, services, platforms and personnel;
• regulatory challenges from antitrust or other regulatory authorities that may block, delay or impose conditions (such as divestitures, ownership or
operational restrictions or other structural or behavioral remedies) on the completion of transactions or the integration of acquired operations;
• failure to fully assimilate, integrate or retrain acquired employees, which may lead to retention risk with respect to both key acquired employees and
our existing key employees or disruption to existing teams;
• differences between our values and those of our acquired companies, as well as disruptions to our workplace culture;
• inability to generate sufficient revenue to offset acquisition costs;
• challenges with the acquired company’s customers and partners, including the inability to maintain such relationships and changes to perception of the
acquired business as a result of the acquisition;
• challenges with the acquired company’s third-party service providers, including those that are required for ongoing access to third-party data;
• potential for acquired products to impact the profitability of existing products;
• unanticipated expenses related to acquired technology and its integration into our existing technology;
• known and potential unknown liabilities associated with the acquired businesses, including due to litigation;
• difficulties in managing, or potential write-offs of, acquired assets, and potential financial and credit risks associated with acquired customers;
• negative impact to our results of operations because of the depreciation and amortization of acquired intangible assets, fixed assets and operating lease
right-of-use assets;
• the loss of acquired unearned revenue and unbilled unearned revenue;
• difficulties in and financial costs of addressing acquired compensation structures inconsistent with our compensation structure;
• additional stock-based compensation issued or assumed in connection with the acquisition, including the impact on stockholder dilution and our
results of operations;
• delays in customer purchases due to uncertainty related to any acquisition;
• ineffective or inadequate controls, procedures and policies at the acquired company;
• in the case of foreign acquisitions, challenges caused by integrating operations over distance, and across different languages, cultures and political
environments; and
• the tax effects related to integration and business operation changes, realizability of our deferred tax assets, and uncertain tax liabilities.
Any of these risks could harm our business or negatively impact our results of operations. In addition, to facilitate acquisitions, we may seek additional
equity or debt financing, which may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all, which may affect our ability to complete subsequent acquisitions, and
which may affect the risks of owning our common stock. For example, if we finance acquisitions by issuing equity or convertible or other debt securities or
loans, our existing
49

Table of Contents
stockholders may be diluted, or we could face constraints related to the terms of, and repayment obligation related to, the incurrence of indebtedness that could
affect the market price of our common stock.
Our ability to acquire other businesses or technologies, or integrate acquired businesses effectively, may be impaired by trade tensions and increased
global scrutiny of foreign investments and acquisitions in the technology sector. For example, several countries, including the United States and countries in
Europe and the Asia-Pacific region, are considering or have adopted restrictions of varying kinds on transactions involving foreign investments and
acquisitions. Antitrust authorities in a number of countries have also reviewed acquisitions in the technology industry with increased scrutiny. Governments
may continue to adopt or tighten restrictions of this nature, some of which may apply to acquisitions or integrations of businesses by us, and such restrictions or
government actions could negatively impact our business and financial results.
Supporting our existing and growing customer base could strain our personnel resources and infrastructure, and if we are unable to scale our
operations and increase productivity, we may not be able to successfully implement our business plan.
We continue to experience significant growth in our customer base, including through acquisitions, which has placed a strain on and in the future may
stress the capabilities of our management, administrative, operational and financial infrastructure. We anticipate that significant additional investments,
including in human capital software, will be required to scale our operations and increase productivity, to address the needs of our customers, to further develop
and enhance our services, to expand into new geographic areas and to scale with our overall growth. The additional investments we are making will increase
our cost base, which will make it more difficult for us to offset any future revenue shortfalls by reducing expenses in the short term. We may not be able to
make these investments as quickly or effectively as necessary to successfully scale our operations.
We regularly upgrade or replace our various software systems and processes. If the implementations of these new applications are delayed, or if we
encounter unforeseen problems with our new systems and processes or in migrating away from our existing systems and processes, our operations and our
ability to manage our business could be negatively impacted. For example, our efforts to further automate our processes for customer contracts may be
complicated by unanticipated operating difficulties.
Our success will depend in part upon the ability of our senior management to manage our projected growth effectively. To do so, we must continue to
increase the productivity of our existing employees and to hire, train and manage new employees as needed. Additionally, recent changes in our work
environment and workforce, including those arising from our Restructuring Plan or other restructuring actions or our return to office and remote work policies,
may not meet the needs and expectations of our workforce or may create operational and workplace culture challenges, which could negatively impact our
ability to increase employee productivity or attract and retain our employees and could adversely affect our operations. Further, reductions in our real estate
portfolio resulting from our Restructuring Plan may impede our ability to adequately accommodate employees returning to the office or future headcount
growth. To manage the expected domestic and international growth of our operations and personnel, we will need to continue to improve our operational,
financial and management controls, our reporting systems and procedures and our utilization of real estate. If we fail to successfully scale our operations and
increase productivity, we may be unable to execute our business plan and the value of our common stock could decline.
If our customers do not renew their subscriptions for our services or if they reduce the number of paying subscriptions at the time of renewal, our
revenue and current remaining performance obligation could decline and our business may suf er. If we cannot accurately predict subscription renewals
or upgrade rates, we may not meet our revenue targets, which may adversely af ect the market price of our common stock.
Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions for our services after the expiration of their contractual subscription period, which is
typically 12 to 36 months, and in the normal course of business, some customers have elected not to renew. In addition, our customers may renew for fewer
subscriptions, renew for shorter contract lengths or switch to lower cost offerings of our services, particularly in times of general economic uncertainty.
Additionally, due to our largely subscription-based business model, the long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and recent economic uncertainty may not
be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. It is difficult to predict attrition rates given our varied customer base and the number of multiyear subscription contracts. Our attrition rates may increase or fluctuate as a result of various factors, including customer dissatisfaction with our services,
customers’spending levels, mix of customer base, decreases in the number of users at our customers, competition, pricing increases or changes and
deteriorating general economic conditions.
Our future success also depends in part on our ability to sell additional features and services, more subscriptions or enhanced editions of our services to
our current customers. This may also require increasingly sophisticated and costly sales efforts that are targeted at senior management. Similarly, the rate at
which our customers purchase new or enhanced services depends on a number of factors, including general economic conditions and customer receptiveness to
any price changes related to these additional features and services.
50

Table of Contents
If customers do not renew their subscriptions, do not purchase additional features or enhanced subscriptions or if attrition rates increase, we may not meet
our revenue targets and our business could be harmed, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
Periodic changes to our sales organization can be disruptive and may reduce our rate of growth.
We periodically change and make adjustments to our sales organization in response to market opportunities, competitive threats, management changes,
product introductions or enhancements, acquisitions, sales performance, increases in sales headcount, cost levels and other internal and external considerations.
Such sales organization changes have in some periods resulted in, and may in the future result in, a reduction of productivity, which could negatively impact
our rate of growth in the current and future quarters and operating results, including revenue. For example, the Restructuring Plan and other restructuring
actions involved such changes to our sales organization, which could negatively impact our productivity, growth rate and operating results, which may
adversely affect the market price of our common stock. In addition, any significant change to the way we structure our compensation of our sales organization
may be disruptive and may affect our revenue growth.
Our ability to deliver our services is dependent on the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the Internet by third parties.
The Internet’s infrastructure comprises many different networks and services that are highly fragmented and distributed by design. This infrastructure is
run by a series of independent third-party organizations that work together to provide the infrastructure and supporting services of the Internet under the
governance of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Numbers and Names (“ICANN”) and the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority, now under the
stewardship of ICANN.
The Internet has experienced a variety of outages and other delays as a result of damages to portions of its infrastructure, denial-of-service attacks or
related cyber incidents, and it could face outages and delays in the future, potentially reducing the availability of the Internet to us or our customers for delivery
of our services. Additionally, the availability and reliability of the Internet may vary in certain countries, particularly those in emerging markets, which can
result in outages or delays. Any resulting interruptions in our services or the ability of our customers to access our services could result in a loss of potential or
existing customers and harm our business.
In addition, certain countries have implemented, or may implement, legislative and technological actions that either do or can effectively regulate access
to the Internet, including the ability of Internet service providers to limit access to specific websites or content. Other countries have attempted, are attempting
or may attempt to change or limit the legal protections available to businesses that depend on the Internet for the delivery of their services. These actions could
potentially limit or interrupt access to our services from certain countries or Internet service providers, increase our risk or add liabilities, impede our growth,
productivity and operational effectiveness, result in the loss of potential or existing customers and harm our business.
Sales to customers outside the United States expose us to risks inherent in international operations.
We sell our services throughout the world and are subject to risks and challenges associated with international business. We intend to seek to continue to
expand our international sales efforts. The risks and challenges associated with sales to customers outside the United States or those that can affect international
operations generally, include:
• regional economic and political conditions, natural disasters, acts of war, terrorism and actual or threatened public health emergencies;
• localization of our services, including translation into foreign languages and associated expenses;
• regulatory frameworks or business practices favoring local competitors;
• pressure on the creditworthiness of sovereign nations, where we have customers and a balance of our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities;
• foreign currency fluctuations and controls, which may make our services more expensive for international customers and could add volatility to or
negatively impact our operating results, including, for example, the impact of Argentina’s 2023 amendments to foreign exchange controls;
• compliance with multiple, conflicting, ambiguous or evolving governmental laws and regulations, including employment, tax, privacy, anticorruption, import/export, customs, anti-boycott, sanctions and embargoes, antitrust, data privacy, transfer, storage and protection, cybersecurity, ESG
and industry-specific laws and regulations, including rules related to compliance by our third-party resellers and our ability to identify and respond
timely to compliance issues when they occur;
• liquidity issues or political actions by sovereign nations, including nations with a controlled currency environment, could result in decreased values of
these balances or potential difficulties protecting our foreign assets or satisfying local obligations;
51

Table of Contents
• vetting and monitoring our third-party resellers in new and evolving markets to confirm they maintain standards consistent with our brand and
reputation;
• treatment of revenue from international sources, evolving domestic and international tax environments and changes to tax codes, including being
subject to foreign tax laws and being liable for paying withholding taxes in foreign jurisdictions;
• uncertainty regarding the imposition of and changes in the United States’ and other governments’ trade regulations, trade wars, tariffs, other
restrictions or other geopolitical events, including the evolving relations between the United States and China, the United States and Russia, and
ongoing conflicts, such as the war in Ukraine and the Israel-Hamas war;
• changes in the public perception of governments in the regions where we operate or plan to operate;
• regional data privacy laws and other regulatory requirements that apply to outsourced service providers and to the transmission of our customers’ data
across international borders, which grow more complex as we scale, expand into new markets and enhance the breadth of our service offerings;
• different pricing environments;
• difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations;
• different or lesser protection of our intellectual property, including increased risk of theft of our proprietary technology and other intellectual property,
and more prevalent cybersecurity risks, particularly in jurisdictions in which we have historically chosen not to operate; and
• longer accounts receivable payment cycles and other collection difficulties.
Any of these factors could negatively impact our business and results of operations. The above factors may also negatively impact our ability to
successfully expand into emerging market countries, where we have little or no operating experience, where it can be costly and challenging to establish and
maintain operations, including hiring and managing required personnel, and difficult to promote our brand, and where we may not benefit from any first-tomarket advantage or otherwise succeed.
As more of our sales ef orts are targeted at larger enterprise customers, our sales cycle may become more time-consuming and expensive, we may
encounter pricing pressure and implementation and configuration challenges, and we may have to delay revenue recognition for some complex
transactions, all of which could harm our business and operating results.
As we target more of our sales efforts at larger enterprise customers, including governmental entities, and specific industries, such as financial services
and healthcare and life sciences, we may face greater costs, longer sales cycles, greater competition and less predictability in completing some of our sales. In
these market segments, the customer’s decision to use our services is often an enterprise-wide decision and, if so, may require us to provide greater levels of
education regarding the use and benefits of our services, as well as addressing concerns regarding privacy and data protection laws and regulations of
prospective customers with international operations or whose own customers operate internationally.
In addition, larger customers and governmental entities often demand more configuration, integration services and features. As a result of these factors,
these sales opportunities often require us to devote greater sales support and professional services resources to individual customers, driving up costs and time
required to complete sales and diverting our own sales and professional services resources to a smaller number of larger transactions, while potentially
requiring us to delay revenue recognition on some of these transactions until the technical or implementation requirements have been met.
Pricing and packaging strategies for enterprise and other customers for subscriptions to our existing and future service offerings, including for our AI
offerings, may not be widely accepted by new or existing customers. Our adoption of or failure to adopt, as well as the manner and time of, changes to our
pricing and packaging models and strategies may harm our business.
We may lose key members of our management team or development and operations personnel, and may be unable to attract and retain employees we
need to support our operations and growth.
Our success depends substantially upon the continued services of our executive officers and other key members of management, particularly our chief
executive officer. From time to time, there may be changes in our management team resulting from the hiring, departure or realignment of executives. Such
changes may be disruptive to our business. We are also substantially dependent on the continued service of our existing development and operations personnel
because of the complexity of our services and technologies. Our executive officers, key management, development or operations personnel could terminate
their employment with us at any time. Effective succession planning for management is important to our long-term success. If we do not develop adequate
succession planning for our key personnel, the loss of one or more of our key employees or groups of employees could seriously harm our business.
52

Table of Contents
The technology industry is subject to substantial and continuous competition for engineers with high levels of experience in designing, developing and
managing software and technology services, as well as competition for sales executives, data scientists and operations personnel. We have experienced, and
currently experience, challenges with significant competition in talent recruitment and retention, and may not in the future be successful in recruiting or
retaining talent or achieving the workforce diversity goals we have set publicly. We have from time to time experienced, and we expect to continue to
experience, difficulty in hiring, developing, integrating and retaining highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications. These difficulties may be
amplified by evolving restrictions on immigration, travel, or availability of visas for skilled technology workers. Additionally, our compensation arrangements
and benefits may not always be successful in attracting new employees or retaining and motivating our existing personnel. If we fail to attract new personnel or
fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our business and future growth prospects could be severely harmed.
In January 2023, we announced the Restructuring Plan, which was intended to reduce operating costs, improve operating margins and continue advancing
our ongoing commitment to profitable growth. The Restructuring Plan included a reduction of our workforce, which was substantially completed by the end of
fiscal 2024, and select real estate exits and office space reductions within certain markets, which are expected to be completed by the end of fiscal 2026. In the
first quarter of fiscal 2025, we initiated a further reduction of less than one percent of our workforce, which is expected to be substantially complete in fiscal
2025. The Restructuring Plan and other recent workforce reductions, or any similar actions taken in the future, could negatively impact our ability to attract,
integrate, retain and motivate key employees.
In addition, we believe in the importance of our corporate culture, which fosters dialogue, collaboration, recognition, equality and a sense of family. As
our organization has grown and expanded globally, and as our workplace plans have developed, including, for example, workforce and office space reductions
enacted under the Restructuring Plan, we have in the past and may in the future find it increasingly difficult to maintain the beneficial aspects of our corporate
culture globally, including managing the complexities of communicating with all employees. Any inability to maintain our corporate culture could negatively
impact our ability to attract and retain employees, harm our reputation with customers, or negatively impact our future growth.
Any failure in the delivery of high-quality professional and technical support services related to our online applications may adversely af ect our
relationships with our customers and our financial results.
Our customers sometimes require highly skilled and trained service professionals to successfully implement our applications and depend on our support
organization to resolve technical issues relating to our applications. Implementation services may be performed by us, our customers, a third party, or a
combination thereof. Our strategy is to work with third parties to increase the breadth of capability and depth of capacity for delivery of these services to our
customers. If customers are not satisfied with the quality and timing of work by us or a third party or with the type of services or solutions delivered, we could
incur additional costs to address the situation, the profitability of that work might be impaired, our revenue recognition could be impacted and the customer’s
dissatisfaction with the services received could negatively impact our ability to sell our other offerings to that customer or retain existing customers. In
addition, negative publicity related to our customer relationships, regardless of its accuracy, may further damage our business by affecting our ability to
compete for new business with current or prospective customers. We may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in
customer demand for support services across our varying and diverse offerings. In addition, our sales process is highly dependent on our applications and
business reputation and on positive recommendations from our existing customers. Any failure to maintain high-quality professional and technical support
services, or a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality professional and technical support services, could adversely affect our reputation, our
ability to sell our service offerings to existing and prospective customers, and our business, operating results and financial position.
Strategic and Industry Risks
The markets in which we participate are intensely competitive, and if we do not compete ef ectively, our operating results could be harmed.
The market for enterprise applications and platform services is highly competitive, rapidly evolving, fragmented and subject to changing technology, low
barriers to entry, shifting customer needs and frequent introductions of new products and services. Many prospective customers have invested substantial
personnel and financial resources to implement and integrate their current enterprise software into their businesses and therefore may be reluctant or unwilling
to migrate away from their current solution to a different enterprise software service. Additionally, third-party developers may be reluctant to build application
services on our platform since they have invested in other competing technology platforms.
Our current competitors include:
• vendors of packaged business software, as well as companies offering enterprise apps delivered through on-premises offerings from enterprise software
application vendors and cloud computing application service providers, either individually or with others;
53

Table of Contents
• software companies that provide their product or service free of charge as a single product or when bundled with other offerings, or only charge a
premium for advanced features and functionality, as well as companies that offer solutions that are sold without a direct sales organization;
• vendors who offer software tailored to specific services, industries or market segments, as opposed to our full suite of service offerings, including
suppliers of traditional business intelligence and data preparation products, integration software vendors, marketing vendors, e-commerce solutions
vendors or data platform vendors;
• productivity tool and email providers, unified communications providers and consumer application companies that have entered the business software
market; and
• traditional platform development environment companies and cloud computing development platform companies who may develop toolsets and
products that allow customers to build new apps that run on the customers’ current infrastructure or as hosted services, as well as would-be customers
who may develop enterprise applications for internal use.
In addition, we may face more competition as we expand our product offerings. Some of our current and potential competitors may have competitive
advantages, such as greater name recognition, longer operating histories, more significant installed bases, broader geographic scope, broader suites of service
offerings and larger marketing budgets, as well as substantially greater financial, technical, personnel and other resources. In addition, many of our current and
potential competitors have established marketing relationships and access to larger customer bases, and have major distribution agreements with consultants,
system integrators and resellers. We also experience competition from smaller, younger competitors that may be more agile in responding to customers’
demands and offer more targeted and simplified solutions. Our competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or
changing opportunities, technologies, standards or customer requirements, or provide competitive pricing, more flexible contracts or faster implementations.
Additionally, we are building AI into many of our offerings, and we expect to face increased competition as AI technologies are integrated into the markets in
which we compete. Our competitors may be able to develop new AI offerings that disrupt workforce needs and negatively impact demand for our offerings, or
incorporate AI into their offerings more successfully than we do and achieve greater and faster adoption. As a result, even if our services are more effective
than the products and services that our competitors offer, potential customers might select competitive products and services in lieu of purchasing our services.
For all of these reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully against our current and future competitors, which could negatively impact our future sales
and harm our business.
Our ef orts to expand our service of erings and to develop and integrate our existing services in order to keep pace with technological developments
may not succeed and may reduce our revenue growth rate and harm our business.
We derive a significant portion of our revenue from subscriptions to our CRM enterprise cloud computing application services, and we expect this will
continue for the foreseeable future. Our efforts to expand our current service offerings may not succeed and may reduce our revenue growth rate. In addition,
the markets for certain of our offerings, including our AI offerings, remain relatively new and it is uncertain whether our efforts, and related investments, will
ever result in significant revenue for us. Further, the introduction of significant platform changes and upgrades may not result in long term revenue growth.
In July 2021, we completed our acquisition of Slack, our largest acquisition to date. Slack is a relatively new category of business technology in a rapidly
evolving market for software, programs and tools used by knowledge workers. We may not succeed in enhancing and improving the features, integrations and
capabilities of Slack, or effectively introduce compelling new features, integrations and capabilities that reflect or anticipate the changing nature of the market
which may result in an inability to attract new users and organizations and increase revenue from existing paid customers.
If we are unable to develop enhancements to, and new features for, our existing or new services that keep pace with rapid technological developments,
our business could be harmed. For example, we may be required to continuously enhance our AI offerings to improve the quality of content provided to our
customers. The success of enhancements, new features and services depends on several factors, including the timely completion, introduction and market
acceptance of the feature, service or enhancement by customers, administrators and developers, as well as our ability to integrate all of our product and service
offerings and develop adequate selling capabilities in new markets. Failure in this regard may significantly impair our revenue growth as well as negatively
impact our operating results if the additional costs are not offset by additional revenues. In addition, because our services are designed to operate over various
network technologies and on a variety of mobile devices, operating systems and computer hardware and software platforms using a standard browser, we will
need to continuously modify and enhance our services to keep pace with changes in hardware, software, communication, browser, app development platform
and database technologies, as well as continue to maintain and support our services on legacy systems. We may not be successful in either developing these
modifications and enhancements or in bringing them to market timely.
Additionally, if we fail to anticipate or identify significant technology trends and developments early enough, or if we do not devote appropriate resources
to adapting to such trends and developments, our business could be harmed. Uncertainties
54

Table of Contents
about the timing and nature of new network platforms or technologies, modifications to existing platforms or technologies, including text messaging
capabilities, or changes in customer usage patterns thereof could increase our research and development or service delivery expenses or lead to our increased
reliance on certain vendors. Any failure of our services to operate effectively with future network platforms and technologies could reduce the demand for our
services, result in customer dissatisfaction and harm our business.
Our continued success depends on our ability to maintain and enhance our brands.
We believe that the brand identities we have developed, including associations with trust, customer success, innovation, equality and sustainability have
significantly contributed to the success of our business. Maintaining and enhancing the Salesforce brand and our other brands is critical to expanding our base
of customers, partners and employees. Our brand strength, particularly for our core services, depends largely on our ability to remain a technology leader and to
continue to provide high-quality innovative products, services and features in a secure, reliable manner that enhances our customers’success even as we scale
and expand our services. In order to maintain and enhance the strength of our brands, we have made and may in the future make substantial investments to
expand or improve our product offerings and services, or we may enter new markets that may be accompanied by initial complications or ultimately prove to
be unsuccessful.
In addition, we have secured the naming rights to facilities controlled by third parties, such as office towers and a transit center, and any negative events
or publicity arising in connection with these facilities could adversely impact our brand.
Further, entry into markets with weaker protection of brands or changes in the legal systems in countries we operate may impact our ability to protect our
brands. If we fail to maintain, enhance or protect our brands, or if we incur excessive expenses in our efforts to do so, our business, operating results and
financial condition may be materially and adversely affected.
We are subject to risks associated with our strategic investments, including partial or complete loss of invested capital. Significant changes in the fair
value of this portfolio, including changes in the valuation of our investments in publicly traded and privately held companies, could negatively impact our
financial results.
We manage a portfolio of strategic investments in both privately held and publicly traded companies focused primarily on enterprise cloud companies,
technology startups and system integrators. While we invest in companies that we believe are digitally transforming their industries, advancing responsible
generative AI, improving customer experiences, helping us expand our solution ecosystem or supporting other corporate initiatives, we may still experience
unforeseen brand or reputational harm associated with our investments. Our investments range from early to late stage companies, including investments made
concurrent with a company’s initial public offering. Investments in early stage companies are inherently speculative, as these companies may not yet be
revenue-generating and could still be in the process of developing their products and services at the time of our investment. The financial success of our
investment in any company is typically dependent on a liquidity event, such as a public offering, acquisition or other favorable market event reflecting
appreciation to the cost of our initial investment. We may also experience challenges from regulatory authorities in connection with our investments, including
from antitrust authorities who are increasingly scrutinizing technology investments and acquisitions, and which may lead to unforeseen expenditures or which
may block, delay or impose undesirable conditions on transactions involving our investment portfolio. In certain cases, our ability to sell these investments may
be impacted by contractual obligations to hold the securities for a set period of time after a public offering. All of our investments are subject to a risk of partial
or total loss of invested capital.
We anticipate future volatility in our condensed consolidated statements of operations due to changes in market prices, observable price changes and
impairments of our strategic investments. The resulting gains or losses could be material depending on market conditions and events, particularly in periods
with economic uncertainty, inflation, geopolitical conflict, volatile public equity markets or unsettled global market conditions.
If third-party developers and providers do not continue to embrace our technology delivery model and enterprise cloud computing services, or if our
customers seek warranties from us for third-party applications, integrations, data and content, our business could be harmed.
Our success depends on the willingness of a growing community of third-party developers and technology providers to build applications and provide
integrations, data and content that are complementary to our services. Without the continued development of these applications and provision of such
integrations, data and content, both current and potential customers may not find our services sufficiently attractive, which could impact future sales. In
addition, for those customers who authorize a third-party technology partner to access their data, we do not provide any warranty related to the functionality,
security or integrity of the data access, transmission or processing. Despite contract provisions to protect us, customers may look to us to support and provide
warranties for the third-party applications, integrations, data and content, even though not developed or sold by us, which may expose us to potential claims,
liabilities and obligations, all of which could harm our reputation and our business.
55

Table of Contents
Social and ethical issues, including the use or capabilities of AI in our of erings, may result in reputational harm and liability.
Policies we adopt or choose not to adopt on social and ethical issues, especially regarding the use of our products, may be unpopular with some of our
employees or with our customers or potential customers, and have in the past impacted and may in the future impact our ability to attract or retain employees
and customers. We also may choose not to conduct business with potential customers or discontinue or not expand business with existing customers due to
these policies. Further, actions taken by our customers and employees, including through the use or misuse of our products or new technologies for illegal
activities or improper information sharing, may result in reputational harm or possible liability, particularly in light of regulatory requirements like the Digital
Services Act (“DSA”) from the EU. For example, we have been subject to allegations in legal proceedings that we should be liable for the use of certain of our
products by third parties. Although we believe that we have a strong defense against these allegations, legal proceedings can be lengthy, expensive and
disruptive to our operations and the outcome of any claims or litigation, regardless of the merits, is inherently uncertain. Regardless of outcome, these types of
claims could cause reputational harm to our brand or result in liability.
We are increasingly building AI into many of our offerings, including generative AI. As with many innovations, AI and our Customer 360 platform
present additional risks and challenges that could affect their adoption and therefore our business. For example, the development of AI and Customer 360, the
latter of which provides information regarding our customers’ customers, presents emerging ethical issues. If we enable or offer solutions that draw controversy
due to their perceived or actual impact on human rights, privacy, employment, or in other social contexts, we may experience new or enhanced governmental or
regulatory scrutiny, brand or reputational harm, competitive harm or legal liability, especially as geopolitical turmoil creates increasingly volatile political and
market conditions. Data practices by us or others that result in controversy could also impair the acceptance of AI solutions. This in turn could undermine
confidence in the decisions, predictions, analysis or other content that our AI applications produce, subjecting us to competitive harm, legal liability and brand
or reputational harm. The rapid evolution of AI will require the application of resources to develop, test and maintain our products and services to help ensure
that AI is implemented ethically in order to minimize unintended, harmful impact. Uncertainty around new and emerging AI applications such as generative AI
content creation will require additional investment in the licensing or development of proprietary datasets, machine learning models and systems to test for
accuracy, bias and other variables, which are often complex, may be costly and could impact our profit margin. Moreover, the move from AI content
classification to AI content generation through our development of Einstein Copilot and other generative AI products brings additional risks and responsibility.
Known risks of generative AI currently include risks related to accuracy, bias, toxicity, privacy and security and data provenance. For example, AI
technologies, including generative AI, may create content that appears correct but is factually inaccurate or flawed, or contains copyrighted or other protected
material, and if our customers or others use this flawed or protected content to their detriment, or the owners of such copyrighted material seek to enforce their
rights, we may be exposed to brand or reputational harm, competitive harm and/or legal liability. Developing, testing and deploying AI systems may also
increase the cost profile of our offerings due to the nature of the computing costs involved in such systems. If we are unable to mitigate these risks, or if we
incur excessive expenses in our efforts to do so, our reputation, business, operating results and financial condition may be harmed.
Our aspirations and disclosures related to ESG matters expose us to risks that could adversely af ect our reputation and performance.
We have established and publicly announced ESG goals, including our commitments to advancing racial and gender equality within our workforce and
reducing greenhouse gas emissions. These statements reflect our current plans and aspirations and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. Our
failure to accomplish or accurately track and report on these goals on a timely basis, or at all, could adversely affect our reputation, financial performance and
growth, and expose us to increased scrutiny from the investment community as well as enforcement authorities.
Our ability to achieve any ESG objective is subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of such risks include:
• the availability and cost of low- or non-carbon-based energy sources;
• the evolving regulatory requirements affecting ESG practices and/or disclosures;
• the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability, diversity and other ESG standards;
• our ability to recruit, develop and retain diverse talent in our labor markets; and
• the success of our organic growth and acquisitions, dispositions or restructuring of our businesses or operations.
Standards for tracking and reporting ESG matters continue to evolve. Our use of disclosure frameworks and standards, and the interpretation or
application of those frameworks and standards, may change from time to time or differ from those of others. This may result in a lack of consistent or
meaningful comparative data from period to period or between Salesforce and other companies in the same industry. In addition, our processes and controls
may not comply with evolving standards for
56

Table of Contents
identifying, measuring and reporting ESG metrics, including ESG-related disclosures that may be required of public companies by the SEC and other
regulators, and such standards may change over time, which could result in significant revisions to our current goals, reported progress in achieving such goals,
or ability to achieve such goals in the future. For example, the proliferation of climate and other ESG disclosure requirements at the local, national and
international levels have required and may continue to require significant effort and resources and could result in changes to our current ESG goals in order to
comply with differing requirements.
If our ESG practices do not meet evolving investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, then our reputation, our ability to attract or retain
employees, and our attractiveness as an investment, business partner, acquiror or service provider could be negatively impacted. Further, our failure or
perceived failure to pursue or fulfill our goals and objectives or to satisfy various reporting standards on a timely basis, or at all, could have similar negative
impacts or expose us to government enforcement actions and private litigation.
Legal and Regulatory Risks
Privacy concerns and laws as well as evolving regulation of cloud computing, AI services, cross-border data transfer restrictions and other domestic
or foreign regulations may limit the use and adoption of our services and adversely af ect our business.
Regulation related to the provision of services over the Internet is evolving, as federal, state and foreign governments continue to adopt new, or modify
existing, laws and regulations addressing data privacy, cybersecurity, data protection, data sovereignty and the collection, processing, storage, hosting, transfer
and use of data, generally. In some cases, data privacy laws and regulations, such as the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), impose
obligations directly on Salesforce as both a data controller and a data processor, as well as on many of our customers. In addition, domestic data privacy laws,
such as the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”), and laws that have recently passed and/or
gone into effect in many other states similarly impose new obligations on us and many of our customers, potentially as both a covered business and service
provider. These laws continue to evolve, including most recently with India’s Digital Personal Data Protection Act 2023, and as various jurisdictions introduce
similar proposals, which often include subsequent rules and regulation, we and our customers become subject to additional regulatory burdens. New EU laws
related to the use of data, including in the DSA, the Data Act and AI Act, may impose additional rules and restrictions on the use of the data in our products and
services.
In addition, various safe harbors have historically been provided to those who hosted content provided by others, such as safe harbors from monetary
damages for copyright infringement arising from copyrighted content provided by customers and others and for defamation and other torts arising from
information provided by customers and others. There is an increasing demand for repealing or limiting these safe harbors by either judicial decision or
legislation, and we have active legal proceedings that have been impacted by the repeal or limiting of safe harbors that were previously available to us. Loss of
these safe harbors may require altering or limiting some of our services or may require additional contractual terms to avoid liabilities for our customers’
misconduct.
Although we monitor the regulatory, judicial and legislative environment and have invested in addressing these developments, these laws may require us
to make additional changes to our practices and services to enable us or our customers to meet the new legal requirements, and may also increase our potential
liability exposure through new or higher potential penalties for noncompliance, including as a result of penalties, fines and lawsuits related to data breaches.
Furthermore, privacy laws and regulations are subject to differing interpretations and may be inconsistent among jurisdictions. These and other requirements
are causing increased scrutiny among customers, particularly in the public sector and highly regulated industries, and may be perceived differently from
customer to customer. These developments could reduce demand for our services, require us to take on more onerous obligations in our contracts, restrict our
ability to store, transfer and process data or, in some cases, impact our ability or our customers' ability to offer our services in certain locations, to deploy our
solutions, to reach current and prospective customers, or to derive insights from customer data globally. For example, on July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of
the European Union (“CJEU”) invalidated the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, one of the mechanisms that allowed companies, including Salesforce, to
transfer personal data from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) to the United States. Even though the CJEU decision upheld the Standard Contractual
Clauses (“SCCs”) as an adequate transfer mechanism, the decision created uncertainty around the validity of all EU-to-U.S. data transfers. While the EU and
U.S. governments have since adopted the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework to foster EU-to-U.S. data transfers and address the concerns raised in the
aforementioned CJEU decision, it is uncertain whether this framework will be overturned in court like the previous two EU-U.S. bilateral cross-border transfer
frameworks. As a result, regulators may continue to be inclined to interpret the CJEU’s decision, and the logic behind it, as significantly restricting certain
cross-border transfers and the cost and complexity of providing our services in certain markets may increase. Certain countries outside of the EEA have also
passed or are considering passing laws requiring varying degrees of local data residency. By way of further example, statutory damages available through a
private right of action for certain data breaches under the CPRA and potentially other states’ laws, may increase our and our customers’ potential liability and
the demands our customers place on us.
57

Table of Contents
The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, privacy laws, regulations and standards may limit the use and adoption of our services,
reduce overall demand for our services, make it more difficult to meet expectations from our commitments to customers and our customers’ customers, lead to
significant fines, penalties or liabilities for noncompliance, impact our reputation, or slow the pace at which we close sales transactions, in particular where
customers request specific warranties and unlimited indemnity for noncompliance with privacy laws, any of which could harm our business. In March 2023,
Salesforce launched the Hyperforce EU Operating Zone, which is designed to enable storage and processing of customer data solely within the EU. This EU
service may enhance our ability to attract and retain customers operating in the EU, but may also increase the cost and complexity of supporting those
customers, and our customers may demand similar offerings in other territories.
In addition to government activity, privacy advocates and other industry groups have established or may establish new self-regulatory standards that may
place additional burdens on our ability to provide our services globally. Our customers expect us to meet voluntary certification and other standards established
by third parties. If we are unable to maintain these certifications or meet these standards, it could adversely affect our ability to provide our solutions to certain
customers and could harm our business. In addition, we have seen a trend toward the private enforcement of data protection obligations, including through
private actions for alleged noncompliance, which could harm our business and negatively impact our reputation. For example, in 2020 we were made a party to
a legal proceeding brought by a Dutch privacy advocacy group (the Privacy Collective) on behalf of certain Dutch citizens that claims we violated the GDPR
and Dutch Telecommunications Act through the processing and sharing of data in connection with our Audience Studio and Data Studio products. In December
2021, the Amsterdam District Court declared the Privacy Collective’s claims against us inadmissible and dismissed the case, however, this ruling was appealed
by the Privacy Collective. The appeal hearing took place in the Amsterdam Court of Appeal on February 8, 2024 and we are currently awaiting judgment. We
were also named as a defendant in a similar lawsuit brought in the UK, which has subsequently been dismissed. Although we believe we have a strong defense
for these claims, these or similar future claims could cause reputational harm to our brand or result in liability. In addition, a shift in consumers’ data privacy
expectations or other social, economic or political developments could impact the regulatory enforcement of privacy regulations, which could require our
cooperation and increase the cost of compliance with the imposed regulations.
Furthermore, the uncertain and shifting regulatory environment and trust climate may raise concerns regarding data privacy and cybersecurity, which may
cause our customers or our customers’ customers to resist providing the data necessary to allow our customers to use our services effectively. In addition, new
products we develop or acquire in connection with changing events may expose us to liability or regulatory risk. Even the perception that the privacy and
security of personal information are not satisfactorily protected or do not meet regulatory requirements could inhibit sales of our products or services and could
limit adoption of our cloud-based solutions.
Industry-specific regulations and other requirements and standards are evolving and industry-specific laws, regulations, interpretive positions or
standards could harm our business.
Our customers and potential customers conduct business in a variety of industries, including financial services, the public sector, healthcare and
telecommunications. Regulators in certain industries have adopted and may in the future adopt regulations or interpretive positions regarding the use of cloud
computing, AI services and other outsourced services. The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, industry-specific laws, regulations and
interpretive positions may limit our customers’ use and adoption of our services and reduce overall demand for our services. Compliance with these regulations
may also require us to devote greater resources to support certain customers, which may increase costs and lengthen sales cycles. For example, some financial
services regulators have imposed guidelines for use of cloud computing services that mandate specific controls or require financial services enterprises to
obtain regulatory approval prior to outsourcing certain functions. In the United States, a cybersecurity Executive Order released in May 2021 may heighten
future compliance and incident reporting standards in order to obtain certain public sector contracts. If we are unable to comply with these guidelines or
controls, or if our customers are unable to obtain regulatory approval to use our services where required, our business may be harmed. In addition, an inability
to satisfy the standards of certain voluntary third-party certification bodies that our customers may expect, such as an attestation of compliance with the
Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards, may have an adverse impact on our business and results. If in the future we are unable to achieve or maintain
industry-specific certifications or other requirements or standards relevant to our customers, it may harm our business and adversely affect our results.
Further, in some cases, industry-specific, regionally-specific or product-specific laws, regulations or interpretive positions may impact our ability, as well
as the ability of our customers, partners and data providers, to collect, augment, analyze, use, transfer and share personal and other information that is integral
to certain services we provide. The interpretation of many of these statutes, regulations and rulings is evolving in the courts and administrative agencies and an
inability to comply may have an adverse impact on our business and results. This impact may be particularly acute in countries that have passed or are
considering passing legislation that requires data to remain localized “in country,” as this may impose financial costs on companies required to store data in
jurisdictions not of their choosing and to use nonstandard operational processes that add complexity and are difficult and costly to integrate with global
processes. This is also true with respect to the global proliferation of laws regulating the financial services industry, including its use of cloud services. In
Europe, the Digital
58

Table of Contents
Operational Resilience Act (DORA), which aims to ensure the resilience of the EU financial sectors, including through mandatory risk management, incident
reporting, resilience testing and third-party outsourcing restrictions, was formally adopted by the Council of the EU in November 2022. The UK is advancing
similar legislation and other countries may follow.
Further, countries are applying their data and consumer protection laws to AI, and particularly generative AI, and/or are considering legal frameworks on
AI. Any failure or perceived failure by Salesforce to comply with such requirements could have an adverse impact on our business.
There are various statutes, regulations and rulings relevant to direct email marketing and text-messaging industries, including the Telephone Consumer
Protection Act (“TCPA”) and related Federal Communication Commission orders, which impose significant restrictions on the ability to utilize telephone calls
and text messages to mobile telephone numbers as a means of communication, when the prior consent of the person being contacted has not been obtained. We
have been, and may in the future be, subject to one or more class-action lawsuits, as well as individual lawsuits, containing allegations that one of our
businesses or customers violated the TCPA. A determination that we or our customers violated the TCPA or other communications-based statutes could expose
us to significant damage awards that could, individually or in the aggregate, materially harm our business. In addition, many jurisdictions across the world are
currently considering, or have already begun implementing, changes to antitrust and competition laws, regulations or interpretative positions to enhance
competition in digital markets and address practices by certain digital platforms that they perceive to be anticompetitive. These regulatory efforts could result in
laws, regulations or interpretative positions that may require us to change certain of our business practices, undertake new compliance obligations or otherwise
may have an adverse impact on our business and results.
We have been and may in the future be sued by third parties for various claims, including alleged infringement of proprietary rights.
We are involved in various legal matters arising from the normal course of business activities. These include claims, suits, government investigations and
other proceedings involving alleged infringement of third-party patents and other intellectual property rights, as well as commercial, corporate and securities,
labor and employment, class actions, wage and hour, antitrust, data privacy, cybersecurity and other matters.
The software and Internet industries are characterized by the existence of many patents, trademarks, trade secrets and copyrights and by frequent
litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. We have received in the past and may receive in the future
communications from third parties, including practicing entities and non-practicing entities, claiming that we have infringed their intellectual property rights.
We have also been, and may in the future be, sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their claimed proprietary rights. Our technologies may be subject
to injunction if they are found to infringe the rights of a third party or we may be required to pay damages, or both. Further, many of our subscription
agreements require us to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which would increase the cost to us of an adverse
ruling on such a claim.
In addition, we have in the past been, and may in the future be, sued by third parties who seek to target us for actions taken by our customers, including
through the use or misuse of our products. For example, we have been subject to allegations in legal proceedings that we should be liable for the use of certain
of our products by third parties. Although we believe we have a strong defense for these claims, such claims could cause reputational harm to our brand or
result in liability.
Our exposure to risks associated with various claims, including claims related to the use of intellectual property as well as securities and related
stockholder derivative claims, may be increased as a result of acquisitions of other companies. For example, we are subject to ongoing securities class action
litigation and related stockholder derivative claims brought against Slack that remain outstanding, and as to which we may ultimately be subject to liability or
settlement costs. Additionally, we may have a lower level of visibility into the development process with respect to intellectual property or the care taken to
safeguard against infringement risks with respect to acquired companies or technologies. In addition, third parties have made claims in connection with our
acquisitions and may do so in the future, and they may also make infringement and similar or related claims after we have acquired technology that had not
been asserted prior to our acquisition.
The outcome of any claims or litigation, regardless of the merits, is inherently uncertain. Any claims or lawsuits, and the disposition of such claims and
lawsuits, whether through settlement or licensing discussions, or litigation, could be time-consuming and expensive to resolve, divert management attention
from executing our business plan, result in efforts to enjoin our activities, lead to attempts on the part of other parties to pursue similar claims and, in the case
of intellectual property claims, require us to change our technology, change our business practices, pay monetary damages or enter into short- or long-term
royalty or licensing agreements.
Any adverse determination or settlement related to intellectual property claims or other litigation could prevent us from offering our services to others,
could be material to our financial condition or cash flows, or both, or could otherwise adversely affect our operating results, including our operating cash flow
in a particular period. In addition, depending on the nature and timing of any such dispute, an unfavorable resolution of a legal matter could materially affect
our current or future results of operations or cash flows in a particular period.
59

Table of Contents
Any failure to obtain registration or protection of our intellectual property rights could impair our ability to protect our proprietary technology and
our brand, causing us to incur significant expenses and harm our business.
If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights adequately, our competitors may gain access to our technology, affecting our brand, causing us to incur
significant expenses and harming our business. Any of our patents, trademarks or other intellectual property rights may be challenged by others or invalidated
through administrative process or litigation. While we have many U.S. patents and pending U.S. and international patent applications, we may be unable to
obtain patent protection for the technology covered in our patent applications or the patent protection may not be obtained quickly enough to meet our business
needs. In addition, our existing patents and any patents issued in the future may not provide us with competitive advantages, or may be successfully challenged
by third parties. Similar uncertainty applies to our U.S. and international trademark registrations and applications. Furthermore, legal standards relating to the
validity, enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual property rights are uncertain, and we also may face proposals to change the scope of protection
for some intellectual property rights in the U.S. and elsewhere. Additionally, the intellectual property ownership and license rights, including copyright,
surrounding AI technologies, which we are increasingly building into our product offerings, has not been fully addressed by U.S. courts or other federal or state
laws or regulations, and the use or adoption of AI technologies in our products and services may expose us to copyright infringement or other intellectual
property misappropriation claims related to AI training or output. Effective patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available to us
in every country in which our services are available and legal changes and uncertainty in various countries’ intellectual property regimes may result in making
conduct that we believe is lawful to be deemed violative of others’ rights. The laws of some foreign countries may not be as protective of intellectual property
rights as those in the U.S., and mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights may be inadequate. Also, our involvement in standard-setting
activity, our contribution to open source projects, various competition law regimes or the need to obtain licenses from others may require us to license our
intellectual property in certain circumstances. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may be unable to prevent third parties from using our intellectual property.
We may be required to spend significant resources and expense to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights. We may initiate claims or litigation
against third parties for infringement of our proprietary rights or to establish the validity of our proprietary rights. If we fail to protect our intellectual property
rights, it could impact our ability to protect our technology and brand. Furthermore, any litigation, whether or not it is resolved in our favor, could result in
significant expense to us, cause us to divert time and resources from our core business, and harm our business.
We may be subject to risks related to government contracts and related procurement regulations.
Our contracts with federal, state, local and foreign government entities are subject to various procurement regulations and other requirements relating to
their formation, administration and performance. We are from time to time subject to audits and investigations relating to our government contracts, and any
violations could result in various civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, refunding or suspending of
payments, forfeiture of profits, payment of fines and suspension or debarment from future government business. In addition, such contracts may provide for
termination by the government at any time, without cause. Any of these risks related to contracting with governmental entities could adversely impact our
future sales and operating results.
We are subject to governmental sanctions and export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets and may
subject us to liability if we are not in full compliance with applicable laws.
Our solutions are subject to export and import controls where we conduct our business activities, including the U.S. Commerce Department’s Export
Administration Regulations, U.S. Customs regulations, U.S. supply chain regulations and various economic and trade sanctions regulations established by the
U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control. If we fail to comply with applicable trade laws, we and certain of our employees could be subject
to substantial civil or criminal penalties, including the possible loss of trade privileges; fines, which may be imposed on us and responsible employees or
managers; and, in extreme cases, the incarceration of responsible employees or managers. Obtaining necessary authorizations, including any required licenses,
may be time-consuming, requires expenditure of corporate resources, is not guaranteed, and may result in the delay or loss of sales opportunities or the ability
to realize value from certain acquisitions or engagements. Acquisitions may also subject us to successor liability and other integration compliance risks.
Furthermore, export control laws and economic sanctions may prohibit or limit the transfer of certain products and services to embargoed or sanctioned
countries, governments and parties. We can provide no assurance that any of the precautions we take to prevent our solutions from being provisioned or
provided to sanctions targets in violation of applicable regulations will be effective, and, accordingly, our solutions could be provisioned or provided to those
targets, including by our resellers or other third parties, which could have negative consequences for our business, including government investigations,
penalties and reputational harm. Changes in our solutions or trade regulations may create delays in the introduction, sale and deployment of our solutions in
international markets or prevent the export or import of our solutions to certain countries, governments or persons altogether. Any decreased use of our
solutions or limitation on our ability to export or sell our solutions may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Sanctions
and import and export control regulations in the United States and other
60

Table of Contents
countries are subject to change and uncertainty, including as a result of rapidly evolving technology and geopolitical developments such as events affecting
relations between the United States and China, multi-jurisdictional sanctions on Russia, war in Ukraine and the Israel-Hamas war. Regulators in the United
States and elsewhere have signaled an increased emphasis on sanctions and export control enforcement, including efforts to combat diversion of services to
sanctioned countries and parties, several recent high-profile enforcement actions and increased pressure for companies to self-disclose potential violations.
Financial Risks
Because we generally recognize revenue from subscriptions for our services over the term of the subscription, downturns or upturns in new business
may not be immediately reflected in our operating results.
We generally recognize revenue from customers ratably over the terms of their subscription and support agreements, which are typically 12 to 36 months.
As a result, most of the revenue we report in each quarter is the result of subscription and support agreements entered into during previous quarters.
Consequently, a decline in new or renewed subscriptions in any one quarter may not be reflected in our revenue results for that quarter but will negatively
impact our revenue in future quarters. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales and market acceptance of our services, and changes in our
attrition rate, may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. Our subscription model also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase
our revenue through additional sales in any period, as revenue from new customers must be recognized over the applicable subscription and support term.
If we experience significant fluctuations in our rate of anticipated growth and fail to balance our expenses with our revenue forecasts, our business
could be harmed and the market price of our common stock could decline.
Due to the unpredictability of future general economic and financial market conditions, including from the global economic impact of ongoing conflicts,
such as the war in Ukraine and the Israel-Hamas war, the pace of change and innovation in enterprise cloud computing services, the impact of foreign currency
exchange rate fluctuations, the growing complexity of our business, including the use of multiple pricing and packaging models and the increasing amount of
revenue from term software license sales, and our increasing focus on enterprise cloud computing services, we may not be able to realize our projected revenue
growth plans. We plan our expense and investment levels based on estimates of future revenue and future anticipated rate of growth. We may not be able to
adjust our spending appropriately if the addition of new subscriptions or the renewals of existing subscriptions fall short of our expectations, and unanticipated
events may cause us to incur expenses beyond what we anticipated. A portion of our expenses may also be fixed in nature for some minimum amount of time,
such as with costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, data center and infrastructure service contracts or office leases, so it may not be possible to reduce
costs in a timely manner, or at all, without the payment of fees to exit certain obligations early. Additionally, if sales through indirect channels increase, this
may lead to greater difficulty in forecasting revenue and anticipated rate of growth. As a result, our revenues, operating results and cash flows may fluctuate
significantly on a quarterly basis and revenue growth rates may not be sustainable and may decline in the future. If we are not able to provide continued
operating margin expansion, our business could be harmed and the market price of our common stock could decline.
Unanticipated changes in our ef ective tax rate and additional tax liabilities and global tax developments may impact our financial results.
We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various other jurisdictions. Significant judgment is often required in the determination of our
worldwide provision for income taxes. Our effective tax rate could be impacted by changes in our earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory tax
rates, changes in operations, changes in non-deductible expenses, changes in the tax effects of stock-based compensation expense, changes in the valuation of
deferred tax assets and liabilities and our ability to utilize them, the applicability of withholding taxes, effects from acquisitions and changes in accounting
principles and tax laws. Any changes, ambiguity or uncertainty in taxing jurisdictions’ administrative interpretations, decisions, policies and positions could
also materially impact our income tax liabilities.
We may also be subject to additional tax liabilities and penalties due to changes in non-income based taxes resulting from changes in federal, state, local
or international tax laws, changes in taxing jurisdictions’ administrative interpretations, decisions, policies and positions, results of tax examinations,
settlements or judicial decisions, changes in accounting principles, or changes to our business operations, including as a result of acquisitions. Any resulting
increase in our tax obligation or cash taxes paid could adversely affect our cash flows and financial results.
We are also subject to tax examinations or engaged in alternative resolutions in multiple jurisdictions. While we regularly evaluate new information that
may change our judgment resulting in recognition, derecognition or changes in measurement of a tax position taken, there can be no assurance that the final
determination of any examinations will not have an adverse effect on our operating results or financial position.
61

Table of Contents
As our business continues to grow, increasing our brand recognition and profitability, we may be subject to increased scrutiny and corresponding tax
disputes, which may impact our cash flows and financial results. Furthermore, our growing prominence may bring public attention to our tax profile, and if
perceived negatively, may cause brand or reputational harm.
Global tax developments applicable to multinational businesses may have a material impact to our business, cash flows, or financial results. Such
developments, for example, may include certain new provisions introduced by the Inflation Reduction Act, certain Organization for Economic Co-operation
and Development’s proposals including the implementation of the global minimum tax under the Pillar Two model rules, and the European Commission’s and
certain major jurisdictions’ heightened interest in and taxation of companies participating in the digital economy. Furthermore, governments’ responses to
macroeconomic factors and tax revenue needs may lead to tax rule changes that could materially and adversely affect our cash flows and financial results.
We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates that have in the past and could in the future negatively impact our financial results and
cash flows from changes in the value of the U.S. Dollar versus local currencies.
We primarily conduct our business in the following regions: the Americas, Europe and Asia Pacific. The expanding global scope of our business exposes
us to risk of fluctuations in foreign currency markets, including in emerging markets. This exposure is the result of selling in multiple currencies, growth in our
international investments, additional headcount in foreign locations, and operating in countries where the functional currency is the local currency. Specifically,
our results of operations and cash flows are subject to currency fluctuations primarily in Euro, British Pound Sterling, Japanese Yen, Canadian Dollar,
Australian Dollar, Brazilian Real and Indian Rupee against the U.S. Dollar. These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve, economic and
political conditions change and evolving tax regulations come into effect. The fluctuations of currencies in which we conduct business can both increase and
decrease our overall revenue and expenses for any given fiscal period. Furthermore, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, combined with the
seasonality of our business, could affect our ability to accurately predict our future results and earnings.
Additionally, global events as well as geopolitical developments, including war in Ukraine and the Israel-Hamas war, fluctuating commodity prices, trade
tariff developments and inflation have caused, and may in the future cause, global economic uncertainty and uncertainty about the interest rate environment,
which has and could in the future amplify the volatility of currency fluctuations. Although we attempt to mitigate some of this volatility and related risks
through foreign currency hedging, our hedging activities are limited in scope and may not effectively offset the adverse financial impacts that may result from
unfavorable movements in foreign currency exchange rates, which could adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations.
Our debt service obligations, lease commitments and other contractual obligations may adversely af ect our financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows.
As of April 30, 2024, we had a substantial level of outstanding debt, including our Senior Notes. We are also party to the Revolving Loan Credit
Agreement, which provides for our $3.0 billion Credit Facility. Although there were no outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility as of April 30, 2024,
we may use the proceeds of future borrowings under the Credit Facility for general corporate purposes, which may include, without limitation, the
consideration, fees, costs and expenses related to any acquisition.
In addition to the outstanding and potential debt obligations above, we have also recorded substantial liabilities associated with noncancellable future
payments on our long-term lease agreements. We also have significant other contractual commitments, including leases that have not yet commenced and
commitments with infrastructure service providers, which are not reflected on our condensed consolidated balance sheets.
Maintenance of our indebtedness and contractual commitments and any additional issuances of indebtedness could:
• impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, general corporate or other
purposes;
• cause us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations toward debt service obligations and principal repayments; and
• make us more vulnerable to downturns in our business, our industry or the economy in general.
Our ability to meet our expenses and debt obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic,
regulatory and other factors. We will not be able to control many of these factors, such as economic conditions and governmental regulations. Further, our
operations may not generate sufficient cash to enable us to service our debt or contractual obligations resulting from our leases. If we fail to make a payment on
our debt, we could be in default on such debt. If we are at any time unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to service our indebtedness when
payment is due, we may be required to attempt to renegotiate the terms of the instruments relating to the indebtedness, seek to refinance all or a portion of the
indebtedness or obtain additional financing. There can be no assurance that we would be able to successfully renegotiate such terms, that any such refinancing
would be possible or that any additional financing could
62

Table of Contents
be obtained on terms that are favorable or acceptable to us. Any new or refinanced debt may be subject to substantially higher interest rates, which could
adversely affect our financial condition and impact our business. In addition, we may seek debt financing to fund future acquisitions. We can offer no assurance
that we can obtain debt financing on terms acceptable to us, if at all.
In addition, adverse changes by any rating agency to our credit ratings may negatively impact our reputation, the value and liquidity of both our debt and
equity securities, as well as the potential costs associated with a refinancing of our debt. Downgrades in our credit ratings could also affect the terms of any
such refinancing or future financing or restrict our ability to obtain additional financing in the future.
The indentures governing our Senior Notes and the Revolving Loan Credit Agreement impose restrictions on us and require us to maintain compliance
with specified covenants. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control. A failure to comply with the covenants and
other provisions of our outstanding debt could result in events of default under such instruments, which could permit acceleration of all of our debt and
borrowings. Any required repayment of our debt as a result of a fundamental change or other acceleration would lower our current cash on hand such that we
would not have those funds available for use in our business.
Lease accounting guidance requires that we record a liability for operating lease activity on our condensed consolidated balance sheet, which increases
both our assets and liabilities and therefore may impact our ability to obtain the necessary financing from financial institutions at commercially viable rates or
at all. Our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease. Periods beyond the noncancellable term of the lease are included in the
measurement of the lease liability and associated asset only when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise the associated extension option or waive the
termination option. We reassess the lease term if and when a significant event or change in circumstances occurs within our control. The potential impact of
these options to extend could be material to our financial position and financial results.
Current and future accounting pronouncements and other financial and nonfinancial reporting standards may negatively impact our financial
results.
We regularly monitor our compliance with applicable financial and nonfinancial reporting standards and review new pronouncements and interpretations
that are relevant to us. As a result of new financial or nonfinancial standards or pronouncements, changes to existing standards or pronouncements and changes
in their interpretation, we may be required to change our accounting policies, to alter our operational policies, to implement new or enhance existing systems so
that they reflect new or amended financial reporting standards, and to adjust our published financial statements. For example, new and proposed reporting
requirements, such as the SEC’s recently adopted climate-related disclosure requirements, may require us to change our accounting policies, to alter our
operational policies, and to implement new or enhance existing systems so that they reflect new or amended financial reporting standards, or to restate our
published financial statements. Such changes may have an adverse effect on our business, financial position and operating results, or cause an adverse deviation
from our revenue and operating profit targets, which may negatively impact our financial results.
Risks Related to Owning Our Common Stock
Our quarterly results are likely to fluctuate, which may cause the value of our common stock to decline substantially.
Our quarterly results are likely to fluctuate. Fluctuations have occurred due to known and unknown risks, such as the global economic impact of ongoing
conflicts, including the war in Ukraine and the Israel-Hamas war, and rising interest rates. In addition, our fiscal fourth quarter has historically been our
strongest quarter for new business and renewals, and the year-over-year compounding effect of this seasonality in billing patterns and overall new business and
renewal activity causes the value of invoices that we generate in the fourth quarter to continually increase in proportion to our billings in the other three
quarters of our fiscal year. As a result, our fiscal first quarter has typically in the past been our largest collections and operating cash flow quarter.
Additionally, some of the important factors that may cause our revenues, operating results and cash flows to fluctuate from quarter to quarter include:
• general economic or geopolitical conditions, including the impacts of the war in Ukraine and the Israel-Hamas war, financial market conditions,
increasing costs of operation and foreign currency exchange rates, any of which can adversely affect either our customers’ ability or willingness to
purchase additional subscriptions or upgrade their services, or delay prospective customers’ purchasing decisions, reduce the value of new
subscription contracts, or affect attrition rates;
• our ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers and satisfy our customers’ requirements;
• the attrition rates for our services;
• the size and productivity of our sales force;
• the length of the sales cycle for our services;
63

Table of Contents
• new product and service introductions by our competitors;
• our success in selling our services to large enterprises;
• changes in unearned revenue and remaining performance obligation, due to seasonality, the timing of and compounding effects of renewals, invoice
duration, size and timing, new business linearity between quarters and within a quarter, average contract term, the collectability of invoices related to
multi-year agreements, the timing of license software revenue recognition, or fluctuations due to foreign currency movements, all of which may
impact implied growth rates;
• our ability to realize benefits from strategic partnerships, acquisitions or investments;
• our ability to execute and realize benefits from the Restructuring Plan and other workforce reductions, or any similar actions taken in the future;
• variations in the revenue mix of our services and growth rates of our subscription and support offerings, including the timing of term software license
sales for which the revenue is recognized at a point in time;
• the seasonality of our sales cycle, including term software license sales, and timing of contract execution and the corresponding impact on revenue
recognized at a point in time;
• changes in our pricing policies and terms of contracts, whether initiated by us or as a result of competition, customer preference or other factors;
• expenses associated with our pricing policies and terms of contracts, such as the costs of customer SMS text usage paid by us and the related impacts
to our gross margin;
• the seasonality of our customers’ businesses, especially our Commerce service offering customers, including retailers and branded manufacturers;
• fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates such as with respect to the U.S. Dollar against the Euro and British Pound Sterling;
• the amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures related to the operations and expansion of our business;
• the number of new employees, including the cost to recruit and train such employees;
• the timing of commission, bonus and other compensation payments to employees, including decisions to guarantee some portion of commissions
payments in connection with extraordinary events;
• the cost, timing and management effort required for the introduction of new features to our services;
• the costs associated with acquiring new businesses and technologies and the follow-on costs of integration and consolidating the results of acquired
businesses;
• expenses related to our real estate or changes in the nature or extent of our use of existing real estate, including our office leases and our data center
capacity and expansion;
• timing of additional investments in our enterprise cloud computing application and platform services and in our consulting services;
• expenses related to significant, unusual or discrete events, which are recorded in the period in which the events occur, including litigation or other
dispute-related settlement payments;
• income tax effects resulting from, but not limited to, tax law changes, court decisions on tax matters, global tax developments applicable to
multinational corporations, changes in operations or business structures and acquisition activity;
• the timing of payroll and other withholding tax expenses, which are triggered by the payment of bonuses and when employees exercise their vested
stock options;
• technical difficulties or interruptions in our services;
• changes in interest rates and our mix of investments, which impact the return on our investments in cash and marketable securities;
• conditions, and particularly sudden changes, in the financial markets, which have impacted and may continue to impact the value and liquidity of our
investment portfolio;
• changes in the fair value of our strategic investments, including impairments, which could negatively and materially impact our financial results,
particularly in periods of significant market fluctuations;
• equity or debt issuances, including as consideration in or in conjunction with acquisitions;
• the timing of stock awards to employees and the related adverse financial statement impact of having to expense those stock awards over their vesting
schedules;
64

Table of Contents
• evolving regulations of cloud computing and cross-border data transfer restrictions and similar regulations;
• regulatory compliance and acquisition costs; and
• the impact of new accounting pronouncements and associated system implementations.
Many of these factors are outside of our control, and the occurrence of one or more of them might cause our operating results to vary widely. If we fail to
meet or exceed operating results expectations or if securities analysts and investors have estimates and forecasts of our future performance that are unrealistic
or that we do not meet, the market price of our common stock could decline. In addition, if one or more of the securities analysts who cover us adversely
change their recommendations regarding our stock, the market price of our common stock could decline.
The market price of our common stock is likely to be volatile and could subject us to litigation.
The trading prices of the securities of technology companies have historically been highly volatile. Accordingly, the market price of our common stock
has been and is likely to continue to be subject to wide fluctuations. Factors affecting the market price of our common stock include:
• variations in our operating results, including operating margin, earnings per share, cash flows from operating activities, unearned revenue, remaining
performance obligation, year-over-year growth rates for individual service offerings and other financial and non-financial metrics, and how those
results compare to analyst expectations;
• variations in, and limitations of, the various financial and other metrics and modeling used by analysts in their research and reports about our business;
• forward-looking guidance to industry and financial analysts related to, for example, future revenue, current remaining performance obligation, cash
flows from operating activities, operating margin and earnings per share, the accuracy of which may be impacted by various factors, many of which
are beyond our control, including general economic and market conditions and unanticipated delays in the integration of acquired companies as a
result of regulatory review;
• our ability to meet or exceed forward-looking guidance we have given or to meet or exceed the expectations of investors, analysts or others; our
ability to give forward-looking guidance consistent with past practices; and changes to or withdrawal of previous guidance or long-range targets;
• changes in the estimates of our operating results or changes in recommendations by securities analysts that elect to follow our common stock;
• announcements of technological innovations, new services or service enhancements, strategic alliances or significant agreements by us or by our
competitors;
• announcements by us or by our competitors of mergers or other strategic acquisitions, or rumors of such transactions involving us or our competitors;
• announcements of customer additions and customer cancellations or delays in customer purchases;
• the coverage of our common stock by the financial media, including television, radio and press reports and blogs;
• recruitment or departure of key personnel;
• disruptions in our service due to computer hardware, software, network or data center problems;
• the economy as a whole, geopolitical conditions, including global trade and health concerns, market conditions in our industry and the industries of
our customers, and financial institution instability;
• trading activity or positions by a limited number of stockholders who together beneficially own a significant portion of our outstanding common
stock, as well as other institutional or activist investors;
• the issuance of shares of common stock by us, whether in connection with an acquisition or a capital-raising transaction;
• our ability to execute on our Share Repurchase Program as planned, including whether we meet internal or external expectations around the timing or
price of share repurchases, and any reductions or discontinuances of repurchases thereunder;
• issuance of debt or other convertible securities;
• any increase to or reduction, suspension or elimination of dividend payments;
• the inability to conclude that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective;
• changes to our credit ratings; and
• ESG and other issues impacting our reputation.
In addition, if the market for technology stocks or the greater securities market in general experience uneven investor confidence, the market price of our
common stock has and could in the future decline for reasons unrelated to our business, operating results or financial condition, including as a reaction to
events that affect other companies within, or outside, our
65

Table of Contents
industry. Some companies that have experienced volatility in the trading price of their stock have been the subject of securities class action litigation, such as
the securities litigation against Slack that was brought before our acquisition. Such litigation, whether against Salesforce or an acquired subsidiary, could result
in substantial costs and a diversion of management’s attention and resources and any liability resulting from or the settlement of such litigation could result in
material adverse impacts to our operating cash flows or results of operations for a given period.
Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law might discourage, delay or prevent a change of
control of the Company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the market price of our common stock.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could depress the market price of our common stock by acting
to discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of the Company or changes in our management that the stockholders of the Company may deem
advantageous. These provisions among other things:
• permit the Board to establish the number of directors;
• authorize the issuance of “blank check” preferred stock that our board could use to implement a stockholder rights plan (also known as a “poison
pill”);
• prohibit stockholder action by written consent, which requires all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders;
• provide that the Board is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal our bylaws; and
• establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at
annual stockholder meetings.
In addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company. Section 203
imposes certain restrictions on merger, business combinations and other transactions between us and holders of 15 percent or more of our common stock.
There can be no assurance that we will continue to declare cash dividends in any particular amounts, or at all.
On February 28, 2024, we announced a quarterly dividend policy and the declaration of our first-ever cash dividend. Whether we continue to pay cash
dividends, as well as the rate at which we pay cash dividends, in the future is subject to continued capital availability, general economic and market conditions,
applicable laws and agreements and our Board continuing to determine that the declaration of dividends is in the best interests of the Company and its
stockholders. The declaration and payment of any dividend may be discontinued at any time and dividend amounts may be reduced at any time. A
discontinuation of or reduction in our dividend payments could have a negative effect on our stock price.
General Risks
Volatile and significantly weakened global economic conditions have in the past and may in the future adversely af ect our industry, business and
results of operations.
Our overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic and geopolitical conditions. The United States and other key international economies
have experienced significant economic and market downturns in the past, and are likely to experience additional cyclical downturns from time to time in which
economic activity is impacted by falling demand for a variety of goods and services, restricted credit, poor liquidity, reduced corporate profitability, volatility in
credit, equity and foreign exchange markets, inflation, bankruptcies and overall uncertainty with respect to the economy. These economic conditions can arise
suddenly and the full impact of such conditions can be difficult to predict. In addition, geopolitical and domestic political developments, such as existing and
potential trade wars and other events beyond our control, such as war in Ukraine and the Israel-Hamas war, have increased and may continue to increase levels
of political and economic unpredictability globally and the volatility of global financial markets. Moreover, these conditions have affected and may continue to
affect the rate of IT spending; could adversely affect our customers’ ability or willingness to attend our events or to purchase our enterprise cloud computing
services; have delayed and may delay customer purchasing decisions; and have reduced and may in the future reduce the value and duration of customer
subscription contracts or cause our customers to seek to modify their existing subscription contracts. All of these risks and conditions could materially
adversely affect our future sales, attrition rates and operating results.
Natural disasters and other events beyond our control have in the past and may in the future materially adversely af ect us.
Natural disasters or other catastrophic events have in the past and may in the future cause damage or disruption to our operations, international commerce
and the global economy, and thus could have a strong negative effect on us. Our business operations, the business operations of third-party providers or
suppliers that we rely on to conduct our business and the business operations of our customers are subject to interruption by natural disasters, fire, power
shutoffs or shortages, actual or
66

Table of Contents
threatened public health emergencies and other events beyond our control. For example, the occurrence of regional epidemics or a global pandemic, such as
COVID-19, and related public health measures have in the past and may in the future materially affect how we and our customers operate our businesses, as
well as our operating results and cash flows. Although we maintain crisis management and disaster response plans, such events could make it difficult or
impossible for us to deliver our services to our customers, and could decrease demand for our services. Our corporate headquarters, and a significant portion of
our personnel, research and development activities and other critical business operations, are located near major seismic faults in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Because we do not carry earthquake insurance for direct earthquake-related losses and significant recovery time could be required to resume operations, our
financial condition and operating results could be materially and adversely affected in the event of a major earthquake or catastrophic event, and the adverse
effects of any such catastrophic event would be exacerbated if experienced at the same time as another unexpected and adverse event.
Climate change may have an impact on our business.
While we seek to mitigate our business risks associated with climate change by establishing robust environmental programs and partnering with
organizations who are also focused on mitigating their own climate-related risks, we recognize that there are inherent climate-related risks wherever business is
conducted. Any of our primary locations may be vulnerable to the adverse effects of climate change. For example, our offices globally have historically
experienced, and are projected to continue to experience, climate-related events at an increasing frequency, including drought, water scarcity, heat waves, cold
waves, flooding, wildfires and resultant air quality impacts and power shutoffs associated with climate-related events. These events in turn have impacts on
inflation risks, food security, water security (including for water availability for data center cooling), energy security and on our employees’ health and wellbeing. Furthermore, it is more difficult to mitigate the impact of these events on our employees working remotely or at client sites. Changing market dynamics,
global policy developments and the increasing frequency and impact of extreme weather events on critical infrastructure in the United States and elsewhere
have the potential to disrupt our business, the business of companies we invest in, the business of third-party providers or suppliers that we rely on to conduct
our business and the business of our customers, and may cause us to experience higher attrition, losses and additional costs to maintain or resume operations. In
particular, climate-related events, energy market volatility, and power grid disruptions may increase the operational costs of data centers for Salesforce or our
third-party providers. Additionally, failure to uphold, meet or make timely forward progress against our public commitments and goals related to climate action
could adversely affect our reputation with investors, suppliers and customers, our financial performance or our ability to recruit and retain talent.
67

Table of Contents
ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS
Share repurchases of the Company’s common stock for the three months ended April 30, 2024 were as follows (in millions, except for average price paid
per share):
Period
Total Number of Shares Purchased
(1)
Average Price Paid Per
Share
Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part
of Publicly Announced Program (1)
Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that
May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program
February 2024 1 $289.94 1 $17,836
March 2024 3 305.32 3 17,001
April 2024 3 283.41 3 16,158
Total 7 7
(1) In August 2022, the Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase up to $10.0 billion of the Company’s common stock. In February 2023, the
Board of Directors authorized an additional $10.0 billion in repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program. In February 2024, the Board of Directors
authorized an additional $10.0 billion in repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program for an aggregate total authorization of $30.0 billion. The Share
Repurchase Program does not have a fixed expiration date and does not obligate the Company to acquire any specific number of shares. Under the Share
Repurchase Program, shares of common stock may be repurchased using a variety of methods, including privately negotiated and/or open market transactions,
including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, as part of accelerated share repurchases and other methods. The timing, manner,
price and amount of any repurchases are determined by the Company in its discretion and depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price
and economic and market conditions. All repurchases disclosed in the table were made pursuant to the publicly announced Share Repurchase Program.
In connection with the Company’s acquisition of Spiff, Inc., on February 1, 2024, the Company issued 45,845 shares of its common stock to certain
former stockholders of Spiff, Inc. that will vest over time. These issuances were made in reliance on one or more of the following exemptions or exclusions
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act: Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act and
Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act.
ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES
Not applicable.
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not applicable.
ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION
During the three months ended April 30, 2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) informed us of the
adoption or termination of a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K).
ITEM 6. EXHIBITS
The documents listed in the Index to Exhibits of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are incorporated by reference or are filed with this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q, in each case as indicated therein (numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K).
68

Table of Contents
Index to Exhibits
Exhibit
No.
Provided
Herewith
Incorporated by Reference
Exhibit Description Form SEC File No. Exhibit Filing Date
3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Salesforce,
Inc.
8-K 001-32224 3.1 4/4/2022
3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Salesforce, Inc. 8-K 001-32224 3.1 12/16/2022
10.1* Amended and Restated Annual Performance Bonus
Plan
X
10.2* Salesforce, Inc. Amended and Restated 2013 Equity
Incentive Plan
X
10.3* Salesforce, Inc. Amended and Restated 2014
Inducement Equity Incentive Plan
X
10.4* Forms of equity award agreements under the
Amended and Restated 2013 Equity Incentive Plan
X
10.5* Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the
Amended and Restated 2014 Inducement Equity
Incentive Plan
X
10.6* Offer Letter, dated June 8, 2023, between Salesforce,
Inc. and Sabastian Niles
X
31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to
Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a), as
adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the SarbanesOxley Act of 2002
X
31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to
Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a), as
adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the SarbanesOxley Act of 2002
X
32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
X
101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document
101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema
Document
101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation
Linkbase Document
101.DEF Inline XBRL Extension Definition
101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase
Document
101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation
Linkbase Document
104 The Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in
Inline XBRL (included in Exhibit 101)
* Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
69

Table of Contents
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
Dated: May 29, 2024
Salesforce, Inc.
By: /s/ AMY WEAVER
Amy Weaver
President and
Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer)
Dated: May 29, 2024
Salesforce, Inc.
By: /s/ SUNDEEP REDDY
Sundeep Reddy
Executive Vice President and
Chief Accounting Officer
(Principal Accounting Officer)
70

Exhibit 10.1
Annual Performance Bonus Plan
(Amended and Restated March 20, 2024)
Overview:
The objective of the Annual Performance Bonus Plan, f/k/a the Gratitude Bonus Plan (the “Plan”) is to motivate and reward
performing eligible employees for their contributions to Salesforce, Inc.’s (the “Company”) success by aligning the goals of each
employee with those of the Company.
Effective Date:
This Plan is amended and restated effective March 20, 2024. This Plan replaces or supersedes all previous bonus plan documents,
plan descriptions, and bonus practices under which employees were previously eligible with respect to all versions of the Plan prior
to this most recent amendment and restatement; provided, however, that amounts earned but unpaid under such previous versions of
the plan will be paid in accordance with their terms.
Bonus Period:
Unless determined otherwise by the Administrator, the Plan performance period coincides with the Company’s fiscal year from
February 1 to January 31 (“Bonus Period”) and, subject to the Section 409A provisions below, bonuses under the Plan (“Bonus
Awards”) will be paid at times determined by the Administrator. Previous timing of Bonus payments does not dictate timing of
future bonus payments, if any.
Eligibility:
Unless the Administrator (as defined below) determines otherwise with respect to an employee, an employee is eligible to participate
in the Plan if the employee meets all of the criteria listed below. In order for an employee to be eligible to receive any Bonus Award
under this Plan, the employee must:
• Be an active, regular, full-time, part-time or fixed term employee of the Company (or Company subsidiary or affiliate).
For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of the Plan, active employment includes being on a Company-approved leave of
absence
• Be an employee on the Company’s (or a Company subsidiary’s or Company affiliate’s) payroll on the date of the bonus
payment
• Be performing at or above his or her leadership’s expectations
• Not be on a commission, departmental bonus, Management by Objective, or Marketing Cloud or other ExactTarget bonus
plan, or other bonus or incentive compensation plan or arrangement designated by the Administrator, in each case, unless
otherwise approved prior to the date the bonus payment is distributed by the Administrator
st st
1

• Have submitted, through such means as determined by the Company, his or her V2MOM (or other employee individual
performance objectives, if so determined by the Administrator) for the applicable fiscal year by the applicable deadline
established by the Company, unless the Administrator determines that such submission will not be required for the
employee (including through a waiver of such requirement at any time prior to the payment date of a Bonus Amount, if
any, to the applicable employee for the applicable Company fiscal year). Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless and until
the Administrator determines otherwise, an employee on a Company-approved leave of absence during such times as
determined by the Company (for purposes of clarity, a Company-approved leave of absence does not include paid-time
off, vacation, sabbatical, or similar time off arrangements), shall not be subject to such submission requirements. If the
Administrator determines otherwise pursuant to the prior sentence, such V2MOM (or other applicable employee
individual performance objectives) submission requirements as the Administrator determines shall apply instead
• Have met such other requirements as the Administrator has determined to be applicable for the relevant Bonus Period
The Administrator may waive or modify any eligibility criteria otherwise applicable to an employee at any time prior to the date a
bonus payment, if any, otherwise is or would be distributed to the employee under the Plan for the applicable Bonus Period.
Performance Objectives and Plan Components:
Notwithstanding any contrary provision of the Plan, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine the performance
objective or objectives applicable to any potential Target Bonus (or portion thereof). Until and unless the Administrator determines
otherwise, the Plan will be comprised of two components: Company performance and individual performance.
Company Performance
“Company Performance” is based on the Company’s achievement of such performance objective or objectives as the Administrator
may determine to be applicable for the Bonus Period (and which objectives may differ by Pool (as defined below), by employee or
group of employees, or on such other basis as the Administrator deems appropriate). Performance objectives included in the
determination of Company Performance may include, but are not limited to, any one or more of bookings, customer attrition, nonGAAP operating income, revenue, and operating cash flow, or other metric or metrics determined by the Administrator to be
appropriate. Until and unless the Administrator determines otherwise, while Company Performance remains a component of the Plan
for a Bonus Period, after the close of the Bonus Period, a “Corporate Multiplier” will be assigned based on the level of Company
Performance.
2

Individual Performance
Unless and until the Administrator determines otherwise, after the close of the Bonus Period, each applicable employee will be
assigned an “Individual Multiplier” based on such employee’s levels of performance (as determined by the Administrator with
respect to any Section 16 Officer and, until and unless the Administrator determines otherwise, the employee’s manager with respect
to any employee that is not a Section 16 Officer) and other factors as deemed appropriate. If determined by the Administrator to be
appropriate, each eligible employee, along with his or her manager, will establish key “Individual Performance Objectives,” with the
final Individual Performance Objectives for an eligible employee to be determined by the Administrator with respect to any Section
16 Officer and, until and unless the Administrator determines otherwise, by the employee’s manager with respect to any employee
that is not a Section 16 Officer. Individual Performance Objectives may include, but are not limited to any one or more of individual
objectives, developmental areas, and career development, project completion, operational targets, financial targets, any other
quantifiable goal relating to the Company’s V2MOM and the employee’s individual performance, or any other metric or metrics
determined to by the Administrator to be appropriate. The Administrator may periodically review the objectives to evaluate, update,
adjust or validate them, and the levels of performance against such Individual Performance Objective may impact the determination
of the employee’s Individual Multiplier.
Funding of the Annual Performance Bonus Pool:
For each Bonus Period, the Company will create one or more Annual Performance Bonus Pools (together, the “Pools” and each, a
“Pool”), which Pools may be established before, during or after the applicable Bonus Period. Bonus Awards for a Bonus Period will
be paid from the Pools. Until and unless the Administrator determines otherwise, for each Bonus Period, the Company will create
three Pools, each of which are to be funded based on the achievement of such performance objective or objectives as the
Administrator will determine (and which objectives may differ by Pool, by employee or group of employees, or on such other basis
as the Administrator deems appropriate). Until and unless the Administrator determines otherwise, the Pools will be funded based on
the achievement of Company Performance objectives (as indicated based on the Corporate Multiplier and as set for the applicable
Pool) for the applicable Bonus Period. Until and unless the Administrator determines otherwise, the three Pools will be for 1) Senior
Vice President level and below positions (the “SVP & Below Pool”); 2) Executive Vice President and above positions (excluding
Section 16 Officers) (the “EVP & Above Pool”); and 3) the Company’s Section 16 Officers (the “Section 16 Officer Pool”). For
purposes of the Plan, “Section 16 Officer” means an employee of the Company (or its affiliate) who is subject to Section 16 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
The objectives set forth above and the funding of the Pools are subject to approval by the Administrator. The Administrator may
increase or decrease (including to zero) the funding of any Pool. The Pools are intended to represent discrete bonus funding
allocations for those levels. However, subject to the approval of the Administrator, funding of the Section 16 Officer Pool
3

and EVP & Above Pool may be decreased and all or a portion of the decrease may be shifted to the SVP & Below Pool.
The Administrator may determine that a minimal level of achievement must be obtained by the Company to fund the Pools. The
minimum level of performance, if any, necessary to fund the Pools will be determined by the Administrator (and may differ by Pool,
by employee or group of employees, or on such other basis as the Administrator deems appropriate). Once the Company achieves its
minimum performance (if any), the Pools will continue to be funded as the Company’s performance increases until the Company’s
maximum goals under the Plan are achieved. The Administrator may set maximum performance levels and multipliers for a Bonus
Period (which maximums may differ by Pool, by employee or group of employees, or on such other basis as the Administrator
deems appropriate). Notwithstanding the foregoing, until and unless changed by the Administrator, the maximum corporate funding
multiplier for the Section 16 Officer Pool is set at 100%, and the maximum corporate funding multiplier for the EVP & Above Pool
and the SVP & Below Pool is 110%.
Target Bonus:
The “Target Bonus” under the Plan for any eligible employee for a Bonus Period will be set by the Administrator (which Target
Bonus may be expressed as a percentage of the eligible employee’s annual base salary or other earnings components (as selected by
the Administrator) for the Bonus Period, a fixed dollar amount, or such other amount or based on such other formula as the
Administrator determines). The Administrator may modify an eligible employee’s Target Bonus for a Bonus Period at any time prior
to the end of such Bonus Period.
Awarding Bonuses:
Subject to the discretion of the Administrator, the amount of an eligible employee’s Bonus Award, if any, for a Bonus Period is
determined based on the level of funding (if any) of the Pools, the employee’s Individual Multiplier (if applicable), the employee’s
Target Bonus, such other metrics the Administrator has determined to be applicable for the Bonus Period, and date of hire or
eligibility under the Plan. Until and unless the Administrator determines otherwise, when, and if, the Pools fund, designated
managers will recommend an Individual Multiplier for an eligible employee based on the employee’s individual performance, the
allocated Pool for the Bonus Period, date of hire, and any other matters as the Administrator deems appropriate. The fact and amount
of a Bonus Award, if any, is at the sole discretion of the Administrator and may be less than, equal to or greater than the employee’s
Target Bonus or the amount that would otherwise result based on the Individual Multiplier recommended by the employee’s manager
and may vary from employee to employee.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, and subject to any continued employment requirements of the Plan, during a Bonus
Period, the Administrator may, in its discretion, choose to pay all or a portion of a then-current employee’s Target Bonus for the
Bonus Period without regard to whether the applicable Pool has been funded or Company Performance Objectives or Individual
Performance Objectives have been achieved and without regard to the Corporate Multiplier or Individual Multiplier assigned,
including paying all or a portion of a Bonus
4

Amount prior to the end of the Bonus Period. For purposes of clarity, if such a Bonus Award is paid, the Administrator may
determine that any later Bonus Award for such Bonus Period will be reduced by all or a portion of the amount of the earlier payment.
Except as provided above or otherwise determined by the Administrator, an employee who does not meet his or her manager’s or the
Administrator’s expectations with respect to individual performance will not receive any Bonus Award under this Plan.
Bonus Award payments are subject to the approval of the Administrator. The Administrator retains the right to increase, decrease,
pro-rate or eliminate an individual Bonus Award or to increase, decrease, pro-rate or eliminate Bonus Awards collectively as the
Administrator deems necessary or appropriate.
All Bonus Awards paid under the Plan will be subject to all applicable tax withholdings.
Pro-Rated Bonus Awards:
Unless determined otherwise by the Administrator, for any employee hired after the first day of the Bonus Period, Bonus Awards, if
any, will be pro-rated on such basis as the Administrator determines to be appropriate. An employee who leaves the Company and is
re-hired within the same Bonus Period may be eligible to receive a pro-rated Bonus Award based solely on the employee’s re-hire
date or on such other basis as the Administrator determines to be appropriate. The Administrator also may pro-rate Bonus Awards, if
any, in connection with an employee’s leave of absence or on any other basis the Administrator deems appropriate.
Promotions/Transfers:
Unless determined otherwise by the Administrator, an employee who transfers into or out of a Plan-eligible job may be eligible for a
pro-rated Bonus Award based on the period of time spent in the Annual Performance Bonus Plan-eligible position (or on such other
basis as the Administrator determines to be appropriate) provided such employee has been actively employed during the Bonus
Period and performing at an acceptable level, the relevant Pool has funded, and he or she is an active employee of the Company (or a
Company subsidiary or Company affiliate) when bonuses are paid.
Unless determined otherwise by the Administrator, if any employee transfers from one Plan-eligible position to another Plan-eligible
position (with a higher, lower, or same Target Bonus), the employee’s Bonus Award, if any, will be calculated based on the
employee’s pro-rated Target Bonus and metrics on which the Target Bonus are based (e.g., annual base salary) in each position at the
end of the applicable Bonus Period, and then applying the Corporate Multiplier and Individual Multiplier as provided under the Plan,
subject to the discretion of the Administrator. The pro-rated Target Bonus for each Plan-eligible position will be determined based on
the number of months during the Bonus Period the employee spent in that position.
5

Employees who transfer from one country’s payroll to another’s will be paid in accordance with the mobility practice in place at the
time of payment, and in accordance with applicable local laws, subject to the discretion of the Administrator.
Termination of Employment:
Unless otherwise provided by applicable law or otherwise provided by the Administrator, an employee who ceases employment with
the Company (and the Company’s subsidiaries and affiliates) for any reason prior to the date bonuses are paid for a Bonus Period
will not be eligible for and will not earn any Bonus Award for that Bonus Period. In the case of death, permanent disability or
exceptional circumstances, deviations from eligibility under the Plan may be approved and reviewed by the Administrator or the
SVP, Employee Success on a case-by-case basis; provided that any deviation with respect to a Section 16 Officer must be approved
by the Compensation Committee.
Administrator:
The Plan will be administered by the Administrator. The “Administrator” means, with respect to a Section 16 Officer and the Section
16 Officer Pool, the Compensation Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Compensation Committee”). With respect
to all other employees and the EVP & Above Pool and SVP & Below Pool, the “Administrator” means individually or collectively,
the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, any member of the Executive Committee of the
Company or such other Company officers as may be delegated authority by the Compensation Committee; provided, however, that
the Compensation Committee or the Company’s Board of Directors may, at any time, elect to act in whole or in part in the capacity
of Administrator.
The Administrator, in its sole discretion and on such terms and conditions as it may provide, may delegate all or part of its authority
and powers under the Plan to one or more members of the Company’s Board of Directors or one or more officers or employees of
the Company; provided, however, that the Compensation Committee may not delegate its authority as Administrator with respect to
Section 16 Officers other than to the Company’s Board of Directors. If the Administrator delegates any authority for the
administration of the Plan, the term “Administrator” will include the individuals delegated such authority with respect to such
authority.
Section 409A:
Bonuses, if any, under the Plan will be paid at the time or times determined by the Administrator, but in all cases no later than as
soon as practicable following the end of the applicable Bonus Period to which the bonus relates. In no event will bonuses, if any,
under the Plan be paid later than the later of (1) the fifteenth day of the third month following the end of the first Company fiscal
year in which the applicable Bonus is no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture (within the meaning of Section 409A), or
(2) the fifteenth day of the third month following the end of the first calendar year in which the applicable Bonus Amount is no
longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture (within the meaning of Section 409A); further, in all cases, Bonus
6

Amounts, if any, under the Plan will be paid within ninety days following the end of the applicable Bonus Period to which the bonus
relates. It is intended that all bonuses payable under this Plan will be exempt from the requirements of “Section 409A” (as defined
below) pursuant to the “short-term deferral” exemption or, in the alternative, comply with the requirements of Section 409A so that
none of the payments and benefits to be provided under this Plan will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A,
and any ambiguities or ambiguous terms herein will be interpreted to so comply or be exempt. Further, if and to the extent necessary
to avoid subjecting an employee to additional taxation under Section 409A, payment to an employee of all or a portion of any
severance-related payment of a bonus under the Plan, and any other severance payments to the employee that are deferred
compensation for purposes of Section 409A, will be delayed until the date that is six months and one day following the employee’s
separation from service. Each payment and benefit payable under this Plan is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes
of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations. The Company may, in good faith and without the consent of any participant,
make any amendments to this Plan and take such reasonable actions as it deems necessary, appropriate or desirable to avoid
imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Section 409A prior to actual payment to the participant. “Section
409A” means Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and guidance thereunder, as they
may be amended or modified from time to time, and any applicable state law equivalents.
Modification, Interpretation, and Termination of the Plan:
The Plan, as set forth in this document, represents the general guidelines the Company intends to utilize to determine what Bonus
Award payments, if any, will be paid. The Administrator reserves the right to modify or terminate the Plan, at any time, with or
without written notification; provided that any modification or termination impacting a Section 16 Officer must be approved by the
Compensation Committee or the Company’s Board of Directors. The Administrator will have the full power and authority to
interpret and administer the Plan and will be the sole arbiter of all manners of interpretation and application of the Plan. All
determinations and decisions made by the Administrator or any delegate of the Administrator pursuant to the provisions of the Plan
are in the Administrator’s sole discretion, will be final, conclusive, and binding on all persons, and will be given the maximum
deference permitted by law. For avoidance of doubt, Administrator determinations and decisions under this Plan may differ from
Bonus Period to Bonus Period, from Pool to Pool, from employee to employee or on such other basis, consistent with applicable law,
as the Administrator deems appropriate.
The existence of, or an employee’s eligibility for, this Plan will not be deemed to give the employee the right to be retained in the
employment of the Company and will not change employees’ at-will employment status, where applicable. The Plan is strictly noncontractual and does not form part of any employee’s terms and conditions of employment, or part of any employee’s employment
contract. The Plan will not be deemed to constitute a contract of employment with any participating employee, nor be deemed to be
consideration for the employment of any participant.
7

Exhibit 10.2
SALESFORCE, INC.
AMENDED AND RESTATED 2013 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
1. PURPOSES OF THE PLAN. The purposes of this Plan are:
• to attract and retain the best available personnel for positions of substantial responsibility,
• to provide incentive to Employees, Directors and Consultants, and
• to promote the success of the Company’s business.
The Plan permits the grant of Incentive Stock Options, Nonstatutory Stock Options, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units,
Stock Appreciation Rights, Performance Bonus Awards, Performance Units and Performance Shares.
2. DEFINITIONS. As used herein, the following definitions will apply:
(a) “Administrator” means the Board or any of its Committees as will be administering the Plan, in accordance
with Section 4 of the Plan.
(b) “Affiliate” means any corporation or any other entity (including, but not limited to, partnerships and joint
ventures) controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the Company.
(c) “Applicable Laws” means the requirements relating to the administration of equity-based awards under U.S.
state corporate laws, U.S. federal and state securities laws, the Code, any stock exchange or quotation system on which the Common
Stock is listed or quoted and the applicable laws of any foreign country or jurisdiction where Awards are, or will be, granted under
the Plan.
(d) “Award” means, individually or collectively, a grant under the Plan of Options, Stock Appreciation Rights,
Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Bonus Awards, Performance Units or Performance Shares.
(e) “Award Agreement” means the written or electronic agreement setting forth the terms and provisions
applicable to each Award granted under the Plan. The Award Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.
(f) “Award Transfer Program” means any program instituted by the Administrator that would permit
Participants the opportunity to transfer for value any outstanding Awards to a financial institution or other person or entity approved
by the Administrator. A transfer for “value” shall not be deemed to occur under this Plan where an Award is transferred by a
Participant for bona fide estate planning purposes to a trust or other testamentary vehicle approved by the Administrator.

(g) “Board” means the Board of Directors of the Company.
(h) “Cause” means, unless otherwise defined by the Participant’s Award Agreement or contract of employment or
service, any of the following: (i) the Participant’s theft, dishonesty, or falsification of any Participating Company documents or
records; (ii) the Participant’s improper use or disclosure of a Participating Company’s confidential or proprietary information; (iii)
any action by the Participant which has a detrimental effect on a Participating Company’s reputation or business; (iv) the
Participant’s failure or inability to perform any reasonable assigned duties after written notice from a Participating Company of, and
a reasonable opportunity to cure, such failure or inability; (v) any material breach by the Participant of any employment or service
agreement between the Participant and a Participating Company, which breach is not cured pursuant to the terms of such agreement;
or (vi) the Participant’s conviction (including any plea of guilty or nolo contendere) of any criminal act which impairs the
Participant’s ability to perform his or her duties with a Participating Company.
(i) “Change in Control” means the occurrence of any of the following events:
(i) A change in the ownership of the Company which occurs on the date that any one person, or more than
one person acting as a group (“Person”), acquires ownership of the stock of the Company that, together with the stock held
by such Person, constitutes more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of the stock of the Company; provided,
however, that for purposes of this clause (i), (1) the acquisition of beneficial ownership of additional stock by any one Person
who is considered to beneficially own more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of the stock of the Company
will not be considered a Change in Control; and (2) if the stockholders of the Company immediately before such change in
ownership continue to retain immediately after the change in ownership, in substantially the same proportions as their
ownership of shares of the Company’s voting stock immediately prior to the change in ownership, direct or indirect
beneficial ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the total voting power of the stock of the Company, such event shall
not be considered a Change in Control under this clause (i). For this purpose, indirect beneficial ownership shall include,
without limitation, an interest resulting from ownership of the voting securities of one or more corporations or other business
entities which own the Company, as the case may be, either directly or through one or more subsidiary corporations or other
business entities;
(ii) A change in the effective control of the Company which occurs on the date that a majority of members
of the Board is replaced during any twelve (12) month period by Directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by
a majority of the members of the Board prior to the date of the appointment or election. For purposes of this subsection (ii), if
any Person is considered to be in effective control of the Company, the acquisition of additional control of the Company by
the same Person will not be considered a Change in Control; or
2

(iii) A change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company’s assets which occurs on the date
that any Person acquires (or has acquired during the twelve (12) month period ending on the date of the most recent
acquisition by such person or persons) assets from the Company that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more
than fifty percent (50%) of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such
acquisition or acquisitions; provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection (iii), the following will not constitute a
change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company’s assets: (A) a transfer to an entity that is controlled by the
Company’s stockholders immediately after the transfer, or (B) a transfer of assets by the Company to: (1) a stockholder of the
Company (immediately before the asset transfer) in exchange for or with respect to the Company’s stock, (2) an entity, fifty
percent (50%) or more of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company, (3) a
Person, that owns, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50%) or more of the total value or voting power of all the outstanding
stock of the Company, or (4) an entity, at least fifty percent (50%) of the total value or voting power of which is owned,
directly or indirectly, by a Person described in this subsection (iii)(B)(3). For purposes of this subsection (iii), gross fair
market value means the value of the assets of the Company, or the value of the assets being disposed of, determined without
regard to any liabilities associated with such assets.
For purposes of this definition, Persons will be considered to be acting as a group if they are owners of a corporation that
enters into a merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with the Company.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed a Change in Control unless the transaction qualifies as a
change in control event within the meaning of Section 409A.
Further and for the avoidance of doubt, a transaction will not constitute a Change in Control if: (i) its sole purpose is to
change the jurisdiction of the Company’s incorporation, or (ii) its sole purpose is to create a holding company that will be owned in
substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Company’s securities immediately before such transaction.
(j) “Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Reference to a specific section of the Code or
regulation thereunder shall include such section or regulation, any valid regulation promulgated under such section, and any
comparable provision of any future legislation or regulation amending, supplementing or superseding such section or regulation.
(k) “Committee” means a committee of Directors or of other individuals satisfying Applicable Laws appointed
by the Board, or a duly authorized committee of the Board, in accordance with Section 4 hereof.
(l) “Common Stock” means the common stock of the Company.
3

(m) “Company” means Salesforce, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any successor thereto.
(n) “Consultant” means any natural person, including an advisor, engaged by the Company or a Parent or
Subsidiary or other Affiliate to render services to such entity.
(o) “Director” means a member of the Board.
(p) “Disability” means total and permanent disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, provided that in
the case of Awards other than Incentive Stock Options, the Administrator in its discretion may determine whether a permanent and
total disability exists in accordance with uniform and non-discriminatory standards adopted by the Administrator from time to time.
(q) “Dividend Equivalent” means a credit, made at the discretion of the Administrator or as otherwise provided
by the Plan, to the account of a Participant in an amount equal to the cash dividends paid on one Share for each Share represented by
an Award held by such Participant.
(r) “Employee” means any person, including Officers and Directors, employed by the Company or any Parent or
Subsidiary or other Affiliate of the Company. Neither service as a Director nor payment of a director’s fee by the Company will be
sufficient to constitute “employment” by the Company or an Affiliate. The Company shall determine in good faith and in the
exercise of its discretion whether an individual has become or has ceased to be an Employee and the effective date of such
individual’s employment or termination of employment, as the case may be. For purposes of an individual’s rights, if any, under the
Plan as of the time of the Company’s determination, all such determinations by the Company shall be final, binding and conclusive,
notwithstanding that the Company or any court of law or governmental agency subsequently makes a contrary determination.
(s) “Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
(t) “Exchange Program” means a program under which (i) outstanding awards are surrendered or cancelled in
exchange for awards of the same type (which may have higher or lower exercise prices and different terms), awards of a different
type, and/or cash, (ii) Participants would have the opportunity to participate in an Award Transfer Program, and/or (iii) the exercise
price of an outstanding Award is reduced. The Administrator will determine the terms and conditions of any Exchange Program in its
sole discretion.
(u) “Fair Market Value” means, as of any date, the value of Common Stock determined as follows:
(i) If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or a national market system,
including without limitation the New York Stock Exchange, Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market or the
Nasdaq Capital Market of The Nasdaq Stock Market, its Fair Market Value will be the closing sales price for
4

such stock (or the mean of the closing bid and asked prices for the Common Stock, if no sales were reported) as quoted on
such exchange or system on the day of determination, as reported in the Wall Street Journal or such other source as the
Administrator deems reliable. If the relevant date does not fall on a day on which the Common Stock has traded on such
securities exchange or market system, the date on which the Fair Market Value shall be established shall be the last day on
which the Common Stock was so traded prior to the relevant date, or such other appropriate day as shall be determined by the
Administrator, in its discretion;
(ii) If the Common Stock is regularly quoted by a recognized securities dealer but selling prices are not
reported, the Fair Market Value of a Share will be the mean between the high bid and low asked prices for the Common
Stock on the day of determination (or, if no bids and asks were reported on that date, as applicable, on the last trading date
such bids and asks were reported), as reported in the Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Administrator deems
reliable; or
(iii) In the absence of an established market for the Common Stock, the Fair Market Value will be
determined in good faith by the Administrator.
(v) “Fiscal Year” means the fiscal year of the Company.
(w) “Fiscal Quarter” means a fiscal quarter within a Fiscal Year of the Company.
(x) “Incentive Stock Option” means an Option that by its terms qualifies and is otherwise intended to qualify as
an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder.
(y) “Inside Director” means a Director who is an Employee.
(z) “Nonstatutory Stock Option” means an Option that by its terms does not qualify or is not intended to qualify
as an Incentive Stock Option.
(aa) “Officer” means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
(bb) “Option” means a stock option granted pursuant to the Plan.
(cc) “Outside Director” means a Director who is not an Employee.
(dd) “Parent” means a “parent corporation,” whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(e) of the
Code.
(ee) “Participant” means the holder of an outstanding Award.
(ff) “Participating Company” means the Company or any Affiliate.
5

(gg) “Performance Bonus Award” means a cash award set forth in Section 12.
(hh) “Performance Goals” means the goal(s) (or combined goal(s)) determined by the Administrator (in its
discretion) to be applicable to a Participant with respect to an Award. As determined by the Administrator, the Performance Goals
applicable to an Award may provide for a targeted level or levels of achievement using one or more of the following measures:
(i) revenue;
(ii) gross margin;
(iii) operating margin;
(iv) operating income;
(v) operating profit or net operating profit;
(vi) pre-tax profit;
(vii) earnings (which may include earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation, earnings before taxes
and net earnings);
(viii) net income;
(ix) cash flow (including operating cash flow or free cash flow);
(x) expenses;
(xi) the market price of the Common Stock;
(xii) earnings per share;
(xiii) return on stockholder equity;
(xiv) return on capital;
(xv) return on assets or net assets;
(xvi) return on equity;
(xvii) return on investment;
(xviii) economic value added;
(xix) number of customers;
6

(xx) stock price;
(xxi) growth in stockholder value relative to the moving average on the S&P 500 Index or another index;
(xxii) market share;
(xxiii) contract awards or backlog;
(xxiv) overhead or other expense reduction;
(xxv) credit rating;
(xxvi) objective customer indicators;
(xxvii) new product invention or innovation;
(xxviii) attainment of research and development milestones;
(xxix) improvements in productivity; and
(xxx) any other measure or metric the Administrator deems appropriate.
The Performance Goals may differ from Participant to Participant and from Award to Award. Any criteria used may be
measured, as applicable, (i) in absolute terms, (ii) in combination with another Performance Goal or Goals (for example, but not by
way of limitation, as a ratio or matrix), (iii) in relative terms (including, but not limited to, results for other periods, passage of time
and/or against another company or companies or an index or indices), (iv) on a per-share or per-capita basis, (v) against the
performance of the Company as a whole or a segment of the Company (including, but not limited to, any combination of the
Company and any subsidiary, division, joint venture, Affiliate and/or other segment) and/or (vi) on a pre-tax or after-tax basis. The
Administrator shall determine whether any significant element(s) or item(s) shall be included in or excluded from the calculation of
any Performance Goal with respect to any Participants (for example, but not by way of limitation, the effect of mergers and
acquisitions). As determined in the discretion of the Administrator, achievement of Performance Goals for a particular Award may be
calculated in accordance with the Company’s financial statements, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles (“GAAP”), or on a basis other than GAAP, including as adjusted for certain costs, expenses, gains and losses to provide
non-GAAP measures of operating results.
(ii) “Performance Period” means the time period determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion during
which the performance objectives must be met.
(jj) “Performance Share” means an Award denominated in Shares which may be earned in whole or in part upon
attainment of performance goals or other vesting criteria as the Administrator may determine pursuant to Section 11.
7

(kk) “Performance Unit” means an Award denominated in cash which may be earned in whole or in part upon
attainment of performance goals or other vesting criteria as the Administrator may determine and which may be settled for cash,
Shares or other securities or a combination of the foregoing pursuant to Section 11.
(ll) “Plan” means this Amended and Restated 2013 Equity Incentive Plan.
(mm) “Restricted Stock” means Shares issued pursuant to a Restricted Stock award under Section 8 of the Plan, or
issued pursuant to the early exercise of an Option.
(nn) “Restricted Stock Unit” means a bookkeeping entry representing an amount equal to the Fair Market Value
of one Share, granted pursuant to Section 9. Each Restricted Stock Unit represents an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the
Company.
(oo) “Rule 16b-3” means Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect when
discretion is being exercised with respect to the Plan.
(pp) “Section 16(b)” means Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act.
(qq) “Section 409A” means Section 409A of the Code, and any proposed, temporary or final Treasury Regulations
and Internal Revenue Service guidance thereunder, as each may be amended from time to time.
(rr) “Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
(ss) “Service Provider” means an Employee, Director or Consultant. The Company shall determine in good faith
and in the exercise of its discretion whether an individual has become or has ceased to be a Service Provider and the effective date of
such individual’s status as, or cessation of status as, a Service Provider. For purposes of an individual’s rights, if any, under the Plan
as of the time of the Company’s determination, all such determinations by the Company shall be final, binding and conclusive,
notwithstanding that the Company or any court of law or governmental agency subsequently makes a contrary determination.
(tt) “Share” means a share of the Common Stock, as adjusted in accordance with Section 15 of the Plan.
(uu) “Stock Appreciation Right” or “SAR” means an Award, granted alone or in connection with an Option, that
pursuant to Section 10 is designated as a Stock Appreciation Right.
(vv) “Subsidiary” means a “subsidiary corporation,” whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Section
424(f) of the Code.
(ww) “Tax Obligations” means tax and social insurance liability obligations and requirements in connection with
the Awards, including, without limitation, (a) all federal, state, and local taxes (including the Participant’s Federal Insurance
Contributions Act (FICA) obligation) that are required to be withheld by the Company or the employing Affiliate, (b) the
8

Participant’s and, to the extent required by the Company (or Affiliate), the Company’s (or Affiliate’s) fringe benefit tax liability, if
any, associated with the grant, vesting, or exercise of an Award or sale of Shares, and (c) any other Company (or Affiliate) taxes the
responsibility for which the Participant has, or has agreed to bear, with respect to such Award (or exercise thereof or issuance of
Shares thereunder).
3. STOCK SUBJECT TO THE PLAN.
(a) Stock Subject to the Plan. Subject to the provisions of Section 15 of the Plan, the maximum aggregate number
of Shares that may be issued under the Plan is 292,700,000 plus (i) any Shares that, as of the date stockholders initially approve the
Plan, have been reserved but not issued pursuant to any awards granted under the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2004 Plan”)
and/or the 2004 Outside Directors Stock Plan (the “Director Plan” and, together with the 2004 Plan, the “Prior Plans” and each, a
“Prior Plan”) and are not subject to any awards granted thereunder, with the Shares subject to the awards referenced in this clause
(i) credited to the aggregate number of Shares that may be awarded under the Plan as one (1) Share for every one (1) Share subject
thereto, and (ii) any Shares subject to stock options or other awards granted under the Prior Plans that, after the date stockholders
initially approve the Plan, expire or otherwise terminate without having been vested or exercised in full, Shares issued pursuant to
awards granted under the Prior Plans that, after the date stockholders initially approve the Plan, are forfeited to or repurchased by the
Company due to failure to vest, and Shares subject to awards granted under a Prior Plan that, after the date stockholders initially
approve the Plan, would have, but for the termination of the applicable Prior Plan, again become available for future use under the
terms of such Prior Plan (as applicable), with the Shares subject to those of the awards referenced in this clause (ii) that are stock
options and/or stock appreciation rights credited to the aggregate number of Shares that may be awarded under the Plan as one (1)
Share for every one (1) Share subject thereto, and the Shares subject to those of the awards referenced in this clause (ii) that are
awards other than stock options or stock appreciation rights credited to the aggregate number of Shares that may be awarded under
the Plan as two and fifteen- one hundredths (2.15) Shares for every one (1) Share subject thereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
maximum number of Shares to be added to the Plan pursuant to clause (i) of the prior sentence shall be equal to 23,800,000 Shares
and the maximum number of Shares to be added to the Plan pursuant to clause (ii) of the prior sentence shall be equal to 54,332,000
Shares. The Shares may be authorized, but unissued, or reacquired Common Stock. Any Shares subject to Awards of Options or
Stock Appreciation Rights shall be counted against the numerical limits of this Section 3 as one (1) Share for every one (1) Share
subject thereto. Any Shares subject to Awards granted under the Plan other than Options or Stock Appreciation Rights shall be
counted against the numerical limits of this Section 3 as two and fifteen-one hundredths (2.15) Shares for every one (1) Share
subject thereto and shall be counted as two and fifteen-one hundredths (2.15) Shares for every one (1) Share returned to or deemed
not issued from the Plan pursuant to this Section 3. The Shares may be authorized, but unissued, or reacquired Common Stock.
(b) Lapsed Awards. If an Award expires or becomes unexercisable without having been exercised in full, is
surrendered pursuant to an Exchange Program, or, with respect
9

to Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Units or Performance Shares, is forfeited to or repurchased by the
Company due to failure to vest, the unpurchased Shares (or for Awards other than Options or Stock Appreciation Rights the forfeited
or repurchased Shares), which were subject thereto will become available for future grant or sale under the Plan (unless the Plan has
terminated). Upon exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right settled in Shares, the gross number of Shares covered by the portion of the
Award so exercised, whether or not actually issued pursuant to such exercise will cease to be available under the Plan. Shares that
have actually been issued under the Plan under any Award will not be returned to the Plan and will not become available for future
distribution under the Plan; provided, however, that if Shares issued pursuant to Awards of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units,
Performance Shares or Performance Units are repurchased by the Company or are forfeited to the Company due to failure to vest,
such Shares will become available for future grant under the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Shares used to pay the exercise
price or purchase price of an Award other than an Option or SAR or to satisfy the tax withholding obligations related to an Award
other than an Option or SAR will become available for future grant and/or sale under the Plan; Shares used to pay the exercise price
or purchase of an Option or SAR or to satisfy the tax withholding obligations related to an Option or SAR will not become available
for future grant or sale under the Plan. To the extent an Award (including a Dividend Equivalent) under the Plan is paid out in cash
rather than Shares, whether pursuant to a Performance Bonus Award or other Award, such cash payment will not result in reducing
the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or any Award Agreement to the
contrary, Shares actually issued pursuant to Awards transferred under any Award Transfer Program will not be again available for
grant under the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing and, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 15, the maximum number of
Shares that may be issued upon the exercise of Incentive Stock Options will equal the aggregate Share number stated in Section 3(a),
plus, to the extent allowable under Section 422 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, any Shares that
become available for issuance under the Plan pursuant to this Section 3(b).
(c) Share Reserve. The Company, during the term of this Plan, will at all times reserve and keep available such
number of Shares as will be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Plan.
4. ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN.
(a) Procedure.
(i) Multiple Administrative Bodies. Different Committees with respect to different groups of Service
Providers may administer the Plan.
(ii) Rule 16b-3. To the extent desirable to qualify transactions hereunder as exempt under Rule 16b-3, the
transactions contemplated hereunder will be structured to satisfy the requirements for exemption under Rule 16b-3.
(iii) Other Administration. Other than as provided above, the Plan will be administered by (A) the Board or
(B) a Committee, which committee will be
10

constituted to satisfy Applicable Laws. The Administrator may, in its discretion and to the extent permitted by Applicable
Laws, delegate to a Committee, including but not limited to, comprised of one or more Officers, the authority to grant one or
more Awards, without further approval of the Administrator, on such terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its
discretion, deems appropriate. To the extent of any delegation by the Administrator, references to the Administrator in the
Plan and any Award Agreement shall be deemed also to include reference to the applicable delegate(s).
(iv) Delegation of Authority for Day-to-Day Administration; Authority of Officers. Except to the extent
prohibited by Applicable Law, the Administrator may delegate to one or more individuals the day-to-day administration of
the Plan and any of the functions assigned to it in this Plan. Such delegation may be revoked at any time. Any Officer shall
have the authority to act on behalf of the Company with respect to any matter, right, obligation, determination or election
which is the responsibility of or which is allocated to the Company herein, provided the Officer has apparent authority with
respect to such matter, right, obligation, determination or election.
(b) Powers of the Administrator. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, and in the case of a Committee, subject to
the specific duties delegated by the Board to such Committee, the Administrator will have the authority, in its discretion:
(i) to determine the Fair Market Value;
(ii) to select the Service Providers to whom Awards may be granted hereunder;
(iii) to determine the number of Shares to be covered by each Award granted hereunder;
(iv) to approve forms of Award Agreements for use under the Plan;
(v) to determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, of any Award
granted hereunder. Such terms and conditions include, but are not limited to, the exercise price, the method of payment for
Shares purchased under any Award, the method for satisfaction of any tax withholding obligation arising in connection with
an Award, the time or times when Awards may be exercised (which may be based on performance criteria), subject to any
minimum vesting requirements set forth in the Plan, any vesting acceleration or waiver of forfeiture restrictions, and any
restriction or limitation regarding any Award or the Shares relating thereto, based in each case on such factors as the
Administrator will determine;
(vi) to determine the terms and conditions of any Exchange Program and/or Award Transfer Program and
with the consent of the Company’s stockholders, to institute an Exchange Program and/or Award Transfer Program (provided
that the Administrator may not institute an Exchange Program and/or Award Transfer Program without first receiving the
consent of the Company’s stockholders);
11

(vii) to construe and interpret the terms of the Plan and Awards granted pursuant to the Plan;
(viii) to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan, including rules and
regulations relating to sub-plans established for the purpose of satisfying applicable foreign laws and/or for qualifying for
favorable tax treatment under applicable foreign laws;
(ix) to modify or amend each Award (subject to Section 21 of the Plan), including but not limited to the
discretionary authority to extend the post-termination exercisability period of Awards and to extend the maximum term of an
Option (subject to Section 7(b) of the Plan regarding Incentive Stock Options);
(x) to allow Participants to satisfy withholding tax obligations in such manner as prescribed in Section 17
of the Plan;
(xi) to authorize any person to execute on behalf of the Company any instrument required to effect the
grant of an Award previously granted by the Administrator pursuant to such procedures as the Administrator may determine;
(xii) to allow a Participant, in compliance with all Applicable Laws including, but not limited to, Section
409A, to defer the receipt of the payment of cash or the delivery of Shares that would otherwise be due to such Participant
under an Award;
(xiii) to determine whether Awards will be settled in Shares, cash or in any combination thereof;
(xiv) to impose such restrictions, conditions or limitations as it determines appropriate as to the timing and
manner of any resales by a Participant or other subsequent transfers by the Participant of any Shares issued as a result of or
under an Award, including without limitation, (A) restrictions under an insider trading policy, and (B) restrictions as to the
use of a specified brokerage firm for such resales or other transfers;
(xv) to require that the Participant’s rights, payments and benefits with respect to an Award (including
amounts received upon the settlement or exercise of an Award) shall be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture or
recoupment upon the occurrence of certain specified events, in addition to any otherwise applicable vesting or performance
conditions of an Award, as may be specified in an Award Agreement at the time of the Award, or later if (A) Applicable Laws
require the Company to adopt a policy requiring such reduction, cancellation, forfeiture or recoupment, or (B) pursuant to an
amendment of an outstanding Award; and
(xvi) to correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan or any Award
Agreement and to make all other determinations
12

and take such other actions with respect to the Plan or any Award deemed necessary or advisable for administering the Plan.
(c) Effect of Administrator’s Decision. The Administrator’s decisions, determinations and interpretations will be
final and binding on all Participants and any other holders of Awards and shall be given the maximum deference permitted by law.
5. ELIGIBILITY. Nonstatutory Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units,
Performance Shares and Performance Units may be granted to Service Providers. Performance Bonus Awards may be granted only
to Employees. Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Employees of the Company or Parent or Subsidiary of the Company.
6. LIMITATIONS.
(a) Incentive Stock Options. Each Option will be designated in the Award Agreement as either an Incentive Stock
Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option. However, notwithstanding such designation, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market
Value of the Shares with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by the Participant during any
calendar year (under all plans of the Company and any Parent or Subsidiary) exceeds one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000), such
Options will be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options. If the Code is amended to provide for a different limitation from that set forth
in this Section, such different limitation shall be deemed incorporated herein effective as of the date and with respect to such Options
as required or permitted by such amendment to the Code. Further, if for any reason an Option (or portion thereof) designated as an
Incentive Stock Option shall not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option, then, to the extent of such nonqualification, such Option (or
portion thereof) shall be regarded as a Nonstatutory Stock Option granted under the Plan. For purposes of this Section 6(a), Incentive
Stock Options will be taken into account in the order in which they were granted. The Fair Market Value of the Shares will be
determined as of the time the Option with respect to such Shares is granted.
(b) Employee Award Limitations. The following limitations shall apply to Awards under the Plan: subject to
adjustment as provided in Section 15, during any Fiscal Year, no Employee will be granted:
(i) Options and/or SARs covering more than a total of 20,000,000 Shares; provided, however, that in
connection with his or her initial employment, an Employee may be granted Options and/or SARs covering up to a total of
8,000,000 additional Shares in the Fiscal Year in which his or her service as an Employee first commences;
(ii) Restricted Stock and/or Restricted Stock Units and/or Performance Shares covering more than
10,000,000 Shares; provided, however, that in connection with his or her initial employment, an Employee may be granted
Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units and/or Performance Shares covering up to a total of 4,000,000
13

additional Shares in the Fiscal Year in which his or her service as an Employee first commences;
(iii) Performance Units having an initial value greater than $15,000,000; provided, however, that in
connection with his or her initial employment, an Employee may be granted additional Performance Units in the Fiscal Year
in which his or her service as an Employee first commences having an initial value no greater than $5,000,000; and
(iv) Performance Bonus Awards that could result in such Employee receiving more than $10,000,000 in
any one Fiscal Year.
If an Award is cancelled in the same Fiscal Year in which it was granted (other than in connection with a transaction
described in Section 15(c)), the cancelled Award will be counted against the limits set forth in this subsection (b).
(c) Outside Director Award Limitations. Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 15, no Outside Director
may be granted, in any Fiscal Year, Awards covering more than 60,000 Shares. Any Awards granted to an individual while he or she
was an Employee, or while he or she was a Consultant but not an Outside Director, shall not count for purposes of this limitation.
(d) Minimum Vesting. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, equity-based Awards granted under
the Plan may not become exercisable, vest or be settled, in whole or in part, prior to the one-year anniversary of the date of grant,
except that the Administrator may provide that Awards become exercisable, vest or settle prior to such date in the event of the
Participant’s death or Disability or in the event of a transaction described in Section 15(c). Notwithstanding the foregoing, up to 5%
of the sum of (a) the number of Shares available for future grants on the date the Board approved this amended and restated version
of the Plan, plus (b) the increase in the number of Shares available for grant under the Plan (as described in Section 3(a)) approved
by the Company’s stockholders at the 2023 annual meeting, may be issued pursuant to Awards subject to any, or no, vesting
conditions, as the Administrator determines appropriate.
7. STOCK OPTIONS.
(a) Grant of Option. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, Option may be granted to Service Providers
at any time and from time to time as will be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. Subject to Section 6 and the other
terms and conditions of the Plan, the Administrator will have complete discretion to determine the number of Shares granted to any
Service Provider. Each Option shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement (which may be in electronic form) that shall specify the
exercise price, the expiration date of the Option, the number of Shares covered by the Option, any conditions to exercise the Option,
and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its discretion, shall determine.
14

(b) Term of Option. The term of each Option will be stated in the Award Agreement; provided, however, that the
term will be no more than seven (7) years from the date of grant hereof. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option, the term will be
seven (7) years from the date of grant or such shorter term as may be provided in the Award Agreement. Moreover, in the case of an
Incentive Stock Option granted to a Participant who, at the time the Incentive Stock Option is granted, owns stock representing more
than ten percent (10%) of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, the
term of the Incentive Stock Option will be five (5) years from the date of grant or such shorter term as may be provided in the Award
Agreement.
(c) Option Exercise Price and Consideration.
(i) Exercise Price. The per share exercise price for the Shares to be issued pursuant to exercise of an
Option will be determined by the Administrator, subject to the following:
(1) In the case of an Incentive Stock Option
(A) granted to an Employee who, at the time the Incentive Stock Option is granted, owns
stock representing more than ten percent (10%) of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any
Parent or Subsidiary, the per Share exercise price will be no less than one hundred ten percent (110%) of the Fair
Market Value per Share on the date of grant.
(B) granted to any Employee other than an Employee described in paragraph (A)
immediately above, the per Share exercise price will be no less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market
Value per Share on the date of grant.
(2) In the case of a Nonstatutory Stock Option, the per Share exercise price will be no less than one
hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant.
(3) Notwithstanding the foregoing, Options may be granted with a per Share exercise price of less
than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant pursuant to a transaction described
in, and in a manner consistent with, Section 424(a) of the Code.
(ii) Waiting Period and Exercise Dates. Subject to Section 6 and the other terms and conditions of the
Plan, at the time an Option is granted, the Administrator will fix the period within which the Option may be exercised and
will determine any conditions that must be satisfied before the Option may be exercised.
(iii) Form of Consideration. The Administrator will determine the acceptable form of consideration for
exercising an Option, including the method of payment. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option, the Administrator will
determine the
15

acceptable form of consideration at the time of grant. Such consideration may consist entirely of, without limitation: (1) cash;
(2) check; (3) promissory note, to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws, (4) other Shares, provided that such Shares have
a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Shares as to which such Option will
be exercised and provided that accepting such Shares will not result in any adverse accounting consequences to the
Company, as the Administrator determines in its sole discretion; (5) consideration received by the Company under a cashless
exercise program (whether through a broker, net exercise program or otherwise) implemented by the Company in connection
with the Plan; (6) by reduction in the amount of any Company liability to the Participant, (7) by net exercise; (8) such other
consideration and method of payment for the issuance of Shares to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws; or (9) any
combination of the foregoing methods of payment.
(d) Exercise of Option.
(i) Procedure for Exercise; Rights as a Stockholder. Any Option granted hereunder will be exercisable
according to the terms of the Plan and at such times and under such conditions as determined by the Administrator and set
forth in the Award Agreement. An Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share.
An Option will be deemed exercised when the Company receives: (i) a notice of exercise (in such form as the Administrator
may specify from time to time) from the person entitled to exercise the Option, and (ii) full payment for the Shares with respect to
which the Option is exercised (together with applicable withholding taxes). Full payment may consist of any consideration and
method of payment authorized by the Administrator and permitted by the Award Agreement and the Plan. Shares issued upon
exercise of an Option will be issued in the name of the Participant or, if requested by the Participant, in the name of the Participant
and his or her spouse. Until the Shares are issued (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly
authorized transfer agent of the Company), no right to vote or receive dividends, Dividend Equivalents or any other rights as a
stockholder will exist with respect to the Shares subject to an Option, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Company will
issue (or cause to be issued) such Shares promptly after the Option is exercised. No adjustment will be made for a dividend,
Dividend Equivalent or other right for which the record date is prior to the date the Shares are issued, except as provided in Section
15 of the Plan.
Exercising an Option in any manner will decrease the number of Shares thereafter available, both for purposes of the Plan
and for sale under the Option, by the number of Shares as to which the Option is exercised.
(ii) Termination of Relationship as a Service Provider. If a Participant ceases to be a Service Provider,
other than upon the Participant’s termination as the result of the Participant’s death or Disability or as a result of a
termination for Cause, the Participant may exercise his or her Option within such period of time as is specified in the Award
Agreement to the extent that the Option is vested on the date of termination (but in no event later than the expiration of the
term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement). In the absence of a specified time in the Award Agreement, the
16

Option will remain exercisable for ninety (90) days following the Participant’s termination. Unless otherwise provided by the
Administrator, if on the date of termination the Participant is not vested as to his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by
the unvested portion of the Option will revert to the Plan. If after termination the Participant does not exercise his or her
Option within the time specified by the Administrator, the Option will terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option will
revert to the Plan.
(iii) Disability of Participant. If a Participant ceases to be a Service Provider as a result of the Participant’s
Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Option within such period of time as is specified in the Award Agreement
to the extent the Option is vested on the date of termination (but in no event later than the expiration of the term of such
Option as set forth in the Award Agreement). In the absence of a specified time in the Award Agreement, the Option will
remain exercisable for twelve (12) months following the Participant’s termination. Unless otherwise provided by the
Administrator, if on the date of termination the Participant is not vested as to his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by
the unvested portion of the Option will revert to the Plan. If after termination the Participant does not exercise his or her
Option within the time specified herein, the Option will terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option will revert to the
Plan.
(iv) Death of Participant. If a Participant dies while a Service Provider, the Option may be exercised
following the Participant’s death within such period of time as is specified in the Award Agreement to the extent that the
Option is vested on the date of death (but in no event may the option be exercised later than the expiration of the term of such
Option as set forth in the Award Agreement), by the personal representative of the Participant’s estate or by the person(s) to
whom the Option is transferred pursuant to the Participant’s will or in accordance with the laws of descent and distribution.
In the absence of a specified time in the Award Agreement, the Option will remain exercisable for twelve (12) months
following Participant’s death. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, if at the time of death Participant is not vested
as to his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option will immediately revert to the Plan. If
the Option is not so exercised within the time specified herein, the Option will terminate, and the Shares covered by such
Option will revert to the Plan. The Participant’s status as a Service Provider shall be deemed to have terminated on account of
death if the Participant dies within ninety (90) days (or such longer period of time as determined by the Administrator, in its
discretion) after the Participant’s termination as a Service Provider.
(v) Termination for Cause. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, if the
Participant’s status as a Service Provider is terminated for Cause, the Option shall terminate and cease to be exercisable
immediately upon such termination as a Service Provider.
17

(e) Extension if Exercise Prevented by Law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, other than termination of Service for
Cause, if the exercise of an Option within the applicable time periods set forth in Section 7(d) is prevented by the provisions of
Section 26 below, the Option shall remain exercisable until ninety (90) days (or such longer period of time as determined by the
Administrator, in its discretion) after the date the Participant is notified by the Company that the Option is exercisable, but in no
event later than the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement.
(f) Extension if Participant Subject to Section 16(b). Notwithstanding the foregoing, other than termination of
Service for Cause, if a sale within the applicable time periods set forth in Section 7(d) of shares acquired upon the exercise of the
Option would subject the Participant to suit under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, the Option shall remain exercisable until the
earliest to occur of (i) the tenth (10th) day following the date on which a sale of such shares by the Participant would no longer be
subject to such suit, and (ii) the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement.
8. RESTRICTED STOCK.
(a) Grant of Restricted Stock. Subject to Section 6 and the other terms and conditions of the Plan, the
Administrator, at any time and from time to time, may grant Shares of Restricted Stock to Service Providers in such amounts as the
Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine.
(b) Restricted Stock Agreement. Subject to Section 6 and the other terms and conditions of the Plan, each Award
of Restricted Stock will be evidenced by an Award Agreement (which may be in electronic form) that will specify any vesting
conditions, the number of Shares granted, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will
determine. Unless the Administrator determines otherwise, the Company as escrow agent will hold Shares of Restricted Stock until
the restrictions on such Shares, if any, have lapsed.
(c) Transferability. Except as provided in this Section 8, Section 14 or the Award Agreement, Shares of Restricted
Stock may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated until the end of the applicable vesting
period (if any).
(d) Other Restrictions. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may impose such other restrictions on Shares of
Restricted Stock as it may deem advisable or appropriate.
(i) General Restrictions. Subject to Section 6 and the other terms and conditions of the Plan, the
Administrator may set restrictions based upon continued employment or service, the achievement of Performance Goals or
other specific performance objectives (Company-wide, departmental, divisional, business unit, or individual goals),
applicable federal or state securities laws, or any other basis determined by the Administrator in its discretion.
18

(e) Removal of Restrictions. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 8, Shares of Restricted Stock covered
by each Restricted Stock grant made under the Plan will be released from escrow as soon as practicable after the last day of the
vesting period or at such other time as the Administrator may determine. The Administrator, in its discretion, may establish
procedures regarding the release of Shares from escrow and/or removal of legends, as necessary or appropriate to minimize
administrative burdens on the Company.
(f) Legend on Certificates. The Administrator, in its discretion, may require that one or more legends be placed
on the certificates representing Restricted Stock to give appropriate notice of the applicable restrictions.
(g) Voting Rights. During the vesting period, Service Providers holding Shares of Restricted Stock granted
hereunder may exercise full voting rights with respect to those Shares, unless the Administrator determines otherwise.
(h) Dividends and Other Distributions. During the vesting period, Participants holding Shares of Restricted Stock
will be entitled to receive all dividends and other distributions paid with respect to such Shares, unless the Administrator provides
otherwise. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, dividends or other distributions credited/payable in connection with
Shares of Restricted Stock that are not yet vested will be subject to the same restrictions and risk of forfeiture as the underlying
Award and will not be paid until the underlying Award vests.
(i) Return of Restricted Stock to Company. On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, the Restricted Stock
for which restrictions have not lapsed will revert to the Company and, subject to Section 3, again will become available for grant
under the Plan.
9. RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS.
(a) Grant. Subject to Section 6 and the other terms and conditions of the Plan, the Administrator, at any time and
from time to time, may grant Restricted Stock Units to Service Providers in such amounts as the Administrator, in its sole discretion,
will determine.
(b) Award Agreement. Subject to Section 6 and the other terms and conditions of the Plan, each Award of
Restricted Stock Units will be evidenced by an Award Agreement (which may be in electronic form) that will specify any vesting
conditions, the number of Restricted Stock Units granted, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole
discretion, will determine.
(c) Vesting Criteria and Other Terms. Subject to Section 6 and the other terms and conditions of the Plan, the
Administrator will set vesting criteria (if any) in its discretion, which, depending on the extent to which the criteria are met, will
determine the number of Restricted Stock Units that will be paid out to the Participant.
(i) General Restrictions. Subject to Section 6 and the other terms and conditions of the Plan, the
Administrator may set vesting criteria based upon continued
19

employment or service, the achievement of Performance Goals or other specific performance objectives (Company-wide,
departmental, divisional, business unit, or individual goals), applicable federal or state securities laws or any other basis
determined by the Administrator in its discretion.
(d) Earning Restricted Stock Units. Upon meeting the applicable vesting criteria, the Participant will be entitled to
receive a payout as determined by the Administrator.
(e) Form and Timing of Payment. Payment of earned Restricted Stock Units will be made as soon as practicable
after the date(s) determined by the Administrator and set forth in the Award Agreement; provided, however, that the timing of
payment shall in all cases comply with Section 409A to the extent applicable to the Award. The Administrator, in its sole discretion,
may settle earned Restricted Stock Units in cash, Shares, or a combination of both.
(f) Cancellation. On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, all unearned Restricted Stock Units will be
forfeited to the Company and, subject to Section 3, again will become available for grant under the Plan.
(g) Voting Rights, Dividend Equivalents and Distributions. Participants shall have no voting rights with respect to
Shares represented by Restricted Stock Units until the date of the issuance of such Shares (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on
the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company). However, the Administrator, in its discretion, may
provide in the Award Agreement evidencing any Restricted Stock Unit Award that the Participant shall be entitled to receive
Dividend Equivalents with respect to the payment of cash dividends on Shares having a record date prior to the date on which the
Restricted Stock Units held by such Participant are settled. Settlement of Dividend Equivalents may be made in cash, Shares, or a
combination thereof as determined by the Administrator. Except as otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, Dividend
Equivalents, if any, shall be accrued by crediting the Participant with additional whole Restricted Stock Units as of the date of
payment of such cash dividends on Shares (or as of the record date if the Restricted Stock Units are settled on or after the record date
and before the date of payment of the cash dividend) and the number of additional Restricted Stock Units (rounded to the nearest
whole number) to be so credited shall be determined by dividing (a) the amount of cash dividends paid (or to be paid) on such date
with respect to the number of Shares represented by the Restricted Stock Units previously credited to the Participant by (b) the Fair
Market Value per Share as of the date such Dividend Equivalents are credited. Any such additional Restricted Stock Units shall be
subject to the same terms and conditions, including but not limited to vesting conditions, and shall be settled in the same manner and
at the same time (or as soon thereafter as practicable) as the Restricted Stock Units originally subject to the Restricted Stock Unit
Award. For the avoidance of doubt, such additional Restricted Stock Units or other Dividend Equivalents will not vest or be paid
prior to the time that the original Award vests. In the event of a dividend or distribution paid in Shares or any other adjustment made
upon a change in the capital structure of the Company as described in Section 15 appropriate adjustments shall be made in the
Participant’s Restricted Stock Unit Award so that it represents the right to receive upon settlement any and all new, substituted or
additional securities or other property (other than normal cash dividends) to which
20

the Participant would be entitled by reason of the Shares issuable upon settlement of the Award, and all such new, substituted or
additional securities or other property shall be immediately subject to the same vesting conditions as are applicable to the Award.
10. STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS.
(a) Grant of Stock Appreciation Rights. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, a Stock Appreciation
Right may be granted to Service Providers at any time and from time to time as will be determined by the Administrator, in its sole
discretion.
(b) Number of Shares. Subject to Section 6 and the other terms and conditions of the Plan, the Administrator will
have complete discretion to determine the number of Stock Appreciation Rights granted to any Service Provider.
(c) Exercise Price and Other Terms. The per share exercise price for the Shares to be issued pursuant to exercise
of a Stock Appreciation Right will be determined by the Administrator and will be no less than one hundred percent (100%) of the
Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Stock Appreciation Rights may be granted with a
per Share exercise price of less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant pursuant to
a transaction described in, and in a manner consistent with, Section 424(a) of the Code. Otherwise, the Administrator, subject to the
provisions of the Plan, will have complete discretion to determine the terms and conditions of Stock Appreciation Rights granted
under the Plan. Until Shares are issued in respect of a Stock Appreciation Right (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books
of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company), no right to vote or receive dividends, Dividend Equivalents
or any other rights as a stockholder will exist with respect to the Shares subject to a Stock Appreciation Right.
(d) Stock Appreciation Right Agreement. Subject to Section 6 and the other terms and conditions of the Plan, each
Stock Appreciation Right grant will be evidenced by an Award Agreement (which may be in electronic form) that will specify the
exercise price, the term of the Stock Appreciation Right, the conditions of exercise, and such other terms and conditions as the
Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine.
(e) Expiration of Stock Appreciation Rights. A Stock Appreciation Right granted under the Plan will expire upon
the date determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion, and set forth in the Award Agreement. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the rules of Section 7(b) relating to the maximum term and Sections 7(d), 7(e) and 7(f) relating to exercise also will apply
to Stock Appreciation Rights.
(f) Payment of Stock Appreciation Right Amount. Upon exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right, a Participant will
be entitled to receive payment from the Company in an amount determined by multiplying:
(i) The difference between the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of exercise over the exercise
price; times
21

(ii) The number of Shares with respect to which the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised.
At the discretion of the Administrator, the payment upon Stock Appreciation Right exercise may be in cash, in Shares of
equivalent value, or in some combination thereof.
11. PERFORMANCE UNITS AND PERFORMANCE SHARES.
(a) Grant of Performance Units/Shares. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, Performance Units and
Performance Shares may be granted to Service Providers at any time and from time to time, as will be determined by the
Administrator, in its sole discretion. Subject to Section 6 and the other terms and conditions of the Plan, the Administrator will have
complete discretion in determining the number of Performance Units and/or Performance Shares granted to each Participant.
(b) Award Agreement. Subject to Section 6 and the other terms and conditions of the Plan, each Award of
Performance Shares and Performance Units will be evidenced by an Award Agreement (which may be in electronic form) that will
specify any vesting conditions, the number of Performance Shares or Performance Units, as applicable, granted, and such other
terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine.
(c) Value of Performance Units/Shares. Each Performance Unit will have an initial value that is established by the
Administrator on or before the date of grant. Each Performance Share will have an initial value equal to the Fair Market Value of a
Share on the date of grant.
(d) Performance Objectives and Other Terms. Subject to Section 6 and the other terms and conditions of the Plan,
the Administrator will set performance objectives or other vesting provisions (including, without limitation, continued status as a
Service Provider) (if any) in its discretion which, depending on the extent to which they are met, will determine the number or value
of Performance Units or Performance Shares, as applicable, that will be paid out to the Service Providers. The time period during
which the performance objectives or other vesting provisions must be met will be called the “Performance Period.” Each Award of
Performance Units and Performance Shares will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify the Performance Period, and
such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine.
(i) General Restrictions. Subject to Section 6 and the other terms and conditions of the Plan, the
Administrator may set vesting criteria based upon continued employment or service, the achievement of specific
Performance Goals or other performance objectives (Company-wide, departmental, divisional, business unit, or individual
goals), applicable federal or state securities laws or any other basis determined by the Administrator in its discretion.
22

(e) Earning of Performance Units/Shares. After the applicable Performance Period has ended, the holder of
Performance Units or Performance Shares, as applicable, will be entitled to receive a payout of the number of Performance Units or
Performance Shares, as applicable, earned by the Participant over the Performance Period, to be determined as a function of the
extent to which the corresponding performance objectives or other vesting provisions have been achieved.
(f) Form and Timing of Payment of Performance Units/Shares. Payment of earned Performance Units and
Performance Shares will be made as soon as practicable after the expiration of the applicable Performance Period or as otherwise
determined by the Administrator; provided, however, that the timing of payment shall in all cases comply with Section 409A to the
extent applicable to the Award. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may pay earned Performance Units and Performance Shares
in the form of cash, in Shares or in a combination thereof.
(g) Cancellation of Performance Units/Shares. On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, all unearned or
unvested Performance Units or Performance Shares, as applicable, will be forfeited to the Company, and, subject to Section 3, again
will be available for grant under the Plan.
(h) Voting Rights, Dividend Equivalents and Distributions. Participants shall have no voting rights with respect to
Shares represented by Performance Units and/or Performance Shares until the date of the issuance of such Shares (as evidenced by
the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company). However, the
Administrator, in its discretion, may provide in the Award Agreement evidencing any Award of Performance Shares that the
Participant shall be entitled to receive Dividend Equivalents with respect to the payment of cash dividends on Shares having a record
date prior to the date on which the Performance Shares are settled. Settlement of Dividend Equivalents may be made in cash, Shares,
or a combination thereof as determined by the Administrator, and may be paid on the same basis as settlement of the related
Performance Share. Except as otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, Dividend Equivalents, if any, shall be accrued by
crediting the Participant with additional whole Performance Shares as of the date of payment of such cash dividends on Shares (or as
of the record date if the Performance Shares are settled on or after the record date and before the date of payment of the cash
dividend) and the number of additional Performance Shares (rounded to the nearest whole number) to be so credited shall be
determined by dividing (a) the amount of cash dividends paid (or to be paid) on such date with respect to the number of Shares
represented by the Performance Shares previously credited to the Participant by (b) the Fair Market Value per Share as of the date
such Dividend Equivalents are credited. Any such additional Performance Shares shall be subject to the same terms and conditions,
including but not limited to vesting conditions, and shall be settled in the same manner and at the same time (or as soon thereafter as
practicable) as the Performance Shares originally subject to the Award of Performance Shares. For the avoidance of doubt, such
additional Performance Shares or other Dividend Equivalents will not vest or be paid prior to the time that the original Award vests.
Dividend Equivalents shall not be paid with respect to Performance Units. In the event of a dividend or distribution paid in Shares or
any other
23

adjustment made upon a change in the capital structure of the Company as described in Section 15 appropriate adjustments shall be
made in the Participant’s Award of Performance Shares so that it represents the right to receive upon settlement any and all new,
substituted or additional securities or other property (other than normal cash dividends) to which the Participant would be entitled by
reason of the Shares issuable upon settlement of the Award, and all such new, substituted or additional securities or other property
shall be immediately subject to the same vesting conditions as are applicable to the Award.
12. PERFORMANCE BONUS AWARDS.
(a) Grant of Performance Bonus Awards. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, Performance Bonus
Awards may be granted to Employees at any time and from time to time, as will be determined by the Administrator, in its sole
discretion, in the form of a cash bonus payable upon the attainment of Performance Goals and/or other performance objectives that
are established by the Administrator, in each case on a specified date or dates or over any period or periods determined by the
Administrator.
(b) Subject to Section 6 and the other terms and conditions of the Plan, the Administrator will have complete
discretion to determine the amount of the cash bonus that could be earned under a Performance Bonus Award.
13. LEAVES OF ABSENCE/TRANSFER BETWEEN LOCATIONS. Unless the Administrator provides otherwise or
as otherwise required by Applicable Law, vesting of Awards granted hereunder will be suspended during any unpaid personal leave
of absence other than a Company-approved sabbatical, such that vesting shall cease on the first day of any such unpaid personal
leave of absence and shall only recommence upon return to active service. A Participant will not cease to be an Employee in the case
of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Company or (ii) transfers between locations of the Company or between the Company,
its Parent, or any Subsidiary or Affiliate. For purposes of Incentive Stock Options, no such leave may exceed three (3) months,
unless reemployment upon expiration of such leave is guaranteed by statute or contract. If reemployment upon expiration of a leave
of absence approved by the Company is not so guaranteed, then six (6) months following the first (1st) day of such leave any
Incentive Stock Option held by the Participant will cease to be treated as an Incentive Stock Option and will be treated for tax
purposes as a Nonstatutory Stock Option.
14. TRANSFERABILITY OF AWARDS.
(a) Unless determined otherwise by the Administrator, an Award may not be sold, pledged, assigned,
hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be
exercised, during the lifetime of the Participant, only by the Participant (or the Participant’s guardian or legal representative). If the
Administrator makes an Award transferable, such Award will contain such additional terms and conditions as the Administrator
deems appropriate. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, in no event will the Administrator have the right to
determine and implement the terms and conditions of any Award Transfer Program without stockholder approval.
24

15. ADJUSTMENTS; DISSOLUTION OR LIQUIDATION; MERGER OR CHANGE IN CONTROL.
(a) Adjustments. In the event that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Shares, other
securities, or other property, but excepting normal cash dividends), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization,
reincorporation, reclassification, merger, consolidation, split-up, split-off, spin-off, combination, repurchase, or exchange of Shares
or other securities of the Company, or other change in the corporate structure of the Company affecting the Shares occurs, the
Administrator, in order to prevent diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available
under the Plan, will adjust the number and class of shares of stock that may be delivered under the Plan and/or the number, class, and
price of shares of stock covered by each outstanding Award, the numerical Share limits in Section 3 of the Plan and the per person
numerical Share limits in Section 6. Notwithstanding the preceding, the number of Shares subject to any Award always shall be a
whole number. Any fractional share resulting from an adjustment pursuant to this Section 15(a) shall be rounded down to the nearest
whole number, and in no event may the exercise or purchase price under any Award be decreased to an amount less than the par
value, if any, of the stock subject to such Award.
(b) Dissolution or Liquidation. In the event of the proposed dissolution or liquidation of the Company, the
Administrator will notify each Participant as soon as practicable prior to the effective date of such proposed transaction. To the
extent it has not been previously exercised (with respect to an Option or SAR) or vested (with respect to an Award other than an
Option or SAR), an Award will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed action.
(c) Change in Control. In the event of a merger of the Company with or into another corporation or other entity or
a Change in Control, each outstanding Award will be treated as the Administrator determines (subject to the provisions of the
following paragraph), including, without limitation, that each Award be assumed or an equivalent option or right substituted by the
successor corporation or a Parent or Subsidiary of the successor corporation. The Administrator will not be required to treat all
Awards similarly in the transaction.
In the event that the successor corporation does not assume or substitute for the Award, the Participant will fully vest in and
have the right to exercise all of his or her outstanding Options and Stock Appreciation Rights, including Shares as to which such
Awards would not otherwise be vested or exercisable, all restrictions on Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units will lapse, and,
with respect to Awards with performance-based vesting, unless determined otherwise by the Administrator, all performance goals or
other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved at one hundred percent (100%) of target levels and all other terms and conditions met.
In addition, if an Option or Stock Appreciation Right is not assumed or substituted in the event of a Change in Control, the
Administrator will notify the Participant in writing or electronically that the Option or Stock Appreciation Right will be exercisable
for a period of time determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion, and the Option or Stock Appreciation Right will terminate
upon the expiration of such period.
25

For the purposes of this subsection (c), an Award will be considered assumed if, following the Change in Control, the Award
confers the right to purchase or receive, for each Share subject to the Award immediately prior to the Change in Control, the
consideration (whether stock, cash, or other securities or property) received in the Change in Control by holders of Common Stock
for each Share held on the effective date of the transaction (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of
consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares); provided, however, that if such consideration received
in the Change in Control is not solely common stock of the successor corporation or its Parent, the Administrator may, with the
consent of the successor corporation, provide for the consideration to be received upon the exercise of an Option or Stock
Appreciation Right or upon the payout of a Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Unit or Performance Share, for each Share subject to
such Award, to be solely common stock of the successor corporation or its Parent equal in fair market value to the per share
consideration received by holders of Common Stock in the Change in Control.
Notwithstanding anything in this Section 15(c) to the contrary, an Award that vests, is earned or paid-out upon the satisfaction
of one or more performance goals will not be considered assumed if the Company or its successor modifies any of such performance
goals without the Participant’s consent; provided, however, a modification to such performance goals only to reflect the successor
corporation’s post-Change in Control corporate structure will not be deemed to invalidate an otherwise valid Award assumption.
(d) Outside Director Awards. With respect to Awards granted to an Outside Director that are assumed or
substituted for, if on the date of or following such assumption or substitution the Participant’s status as a Director or a director of the
successor or acquiring corporation, as applicable, is terminated other than upon a voluntary resignation by the Participant (unless
such resignation is at the request of the acquirer), then the Participant will fully vest in and have the right to exercise Options and/or
Stock Appreciation Rights as to all of the Shares underlying such Award, including those Shares which would not otherwise be
vested or exercisable, all restrictions on Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units will lapse, and, with respect to Awards with
performance-based vesting, unless determined otherwise by the Administrator, all performance goals or other vesting criteria will be
deemed achieved at one hundred percent (100%) of target levels and all other terms and conditions met.
16. DEFERRALS. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may permit a Participant to defer receipt of the payment of
cash or the delivery of Shares that would otherwise be due to such Participant under an Award. Any such deferral elections shall be
subject to such rules and procedures as shall be determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion and, unless otherwise expressly
determined by the Administrator, shall comply with the requirements of Section 409A.
17. TAX.
(a) Withholding Requirements. Prior to the delivery of any Shares or cash pursuant to an Award (or exercise
thereof) or such earlier time as any Tax Obligations are due,
26

the Company will have the power and the right to deduct or withhold, or require a Participant to remit to the Company, an amount
sufficient to satisfy all Tax Obligations.
(b) Withholding Arrangements. The Administrator, in its sole discretion and pursuant to such procedures as it may
specify from time to time, may designate the method or methods by which a Participant may satisfy such Tax Obligations. As
determined by the Administrator in its discretion from time to time, these methods may include one or more of the following (a)
paying cash, (b) having the Company withhold otherwise deliverable cash or Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the
minimum statutory amount required to be withheld or remitted, (c) delivering to the Company already-owned Shares having a Fair
Market Value equal to the minimum statutory amount required to be withheld or remitted, (d) selling a sufficient number of Shares
otherwise deliverable to the Participant through such means as the Administrator may determine in its sole discretion (whether
through a broker or otherwise) equal to the Tax Obligations required to be withheld or remitted, (e) retaining from salary or other
amounts payable to the Participant cash having a sufficient value to satisfy the Tax Obligations, or (f) any other means which the
Administrator, in its sole discretion, determines to both comply with Applicable Laws, and to be consistent with the purposes of the
Plan. The amount of Tax Obligations will be deemed to include any amount that the Administrator agrees may be withheld at the
time the election is made, not to exceed the amount determined by using the maximum federal, state or local marginal income tax
rates applicable to the Participant or the Company, as applicable, with respect to the Award on the date that the amount of tax or
social insurance liability to be withheld or remitted is to be determined. The Fair Market Value of the Shares to be withheld or
delivered shall be determined as of the date that the Tax Obligations are required to be withheld.
(c) Compliance With Section 409A. Awards will be designed and operated in such a manner that they are either
exempt from the application of, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A such that the grant, payment, settlement or
deferral will not be subject to the additional tax or interest applicable under Section 409A, except as otherwise determined in the sole
discretion of the Administrator. Each payment or benefit under this Plan and under each Award Agreement is intended to constitute a
separate payment for purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations. The Plan, each Award and each Award
Agreement under the Plan is intended to be exempt from or otherwise meet the requirements of Section 409A and will be construed
and interpreted, including but not limited with respect to ambiguities and/or ambiguous terms, in accordance with such intent, except
as otherwise specifically determined in the sole discretion of the Administrator. To the extent that an Award or payment, or the
settlement or deferral thereof, is subject to Section 409A, the Award will be granted, paid, settled or deferred in a manner that will
meet the requirements of Section 409A, such that the grant, payment, settlement or deferral will not be subject to the additional tax
or interest applicable under Section 409A.
18. NO EFFECT ON EMPLOYMENT OR SERVICE. Neither the Plan nor any Award will confer upon a Participant
any right with respect to continuing the Participant’s relationship as a Service Provider with the Company, nor will they interfere in
any way with the
27

Participant’s right or the Company’s right to terminate such relationship at any time, with or without cause, to the extent permitted
by Applicable Laws.
19. DATE OF GRANT. The date of grant of an Award will be, for all purposes, the date on which the Administrator
makes the determination granting such Award, or such other later date as is determined by the Administrator. Notice of the
determination will be provided to each Participant within a reasonable time after the date of such grant.
20. TERM OF PLAN. Subject to Section 29 of the Plan, the Plan will become effective upon its approval by the
Company’s stockholders. It will continue in effect for a term of ten (10) years from March 10, 2022 unless terminated earlier under
Section 21 of the Plan. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the amendment and restatement of the Plan in 2018, nor any subsequent
amendment and/or restatement is intended to, and shall not be interpreted to, modify any Awards granted prior to approval of the
amendment and restatement of this Plan by the Company’s stockholders at its 2018 annual meeting to the extent such modification
would result in a loss of deductibility under Code Section 162(m).
21. AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION OF THE PLAN.
(a) Amendment and Termination. The Administrator may at any time amend, alter, suspend or terminate the Plan.
(b) Stockholder Approval. The Company will obtain stockholder approval of any Plan amendment to the extent
necessary and desirable to comply with Applicable Laws.
(c) Effect of Amendment or Termination. No amendment, alteration, suspension or termination of the Plan will
materially impair the rights of any Participant, unless required by Applicable Law or mutually agreed between the Participant and
the Administrator, which agreement must be in writing and signed by the Participant and the Company. Termination of the Plan will
not affect the Administrator’s ability to exercise the powers granted to it hereunder with respect to Awards granted under the Plan
prior to the date of such termination.
22. CONSTRUCTION. Captions and titles contained herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or
interpretation of any provision of the Plan. Except when otherwise indicated by the context, the singular shall include the plural and
the plural shall include the singular. Use of the term “or” is not intended to be exclusive, unless the context clearly requires
otherwise.
23. SEVERABILITY. If any one or more of the provisions (or any part thereof) of this Plan shall be held invalid, illegal
or unenforceable in any respect, such provision shall be modified so as to make it valid, legal and enforceable, and the validity,
legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions (or any part thereof) of the Plan shall not in any way be affected or impaired
thereby.
28

24. FRACTIONAL SHARES. The Company shall not be required to issue fractional shares upon the exercise or
settlement of any Award.
25. UNFUNDED OBLIGATION. Participants shall have the status of general unsecured creditors of the Company. Any
amounts payable to Participants pursuant to the Plan shall be unfunded and unsecured obligations for all purposes, including,
without limitation, Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. No Participating Company shall be required to
segregate any monies from its general funds, or to create any trusts, or establish any special accounts with respect to such
obligations. The Company shall retain at all times beneficial ownership of any investments, including trust investments, which the
Company may make to fulfill its payment obligations hereunder. Any investments or the creation or maintenance of any trust or any
Participant account shall not create or constitute a trust or fiduciary relationship between the Administrator or any Participating
Company and a Participant, or otherwise create any vested or beneficial interest in any Participant or the Participant’s creditors in
any assets of any Participating Company. The Participants shall have no claim against any Participating Company for any changes in
the value of any assets which may be invested or reinvested by the Company with respect to the Plan.
26. CONDITIONS UPON ISSUANCE OF SHARES.
(a) Legal Compliance. The granting of Awards and the issuance and delivery of Shares under the Plan shall be
subject to all Applicable Laws, rule and regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities
exchanges as may be required. Shares will not be issued pursuant to the exercise or vesting of an Award unless the exercise or
vesting of such Award and the issuance and delivery of such Shares will comply with Applicable Laws, rules and regulations and
will be further subject to the approval of counsel for the Company with respect to such compliance.
(b) Investment Representations. As a condition to the exercise of an Award, the Company may require the person
exercising such Award to represent and warrant at the time of any such exercise that the Shares are being purchased only for
investment and without any present intention to sell or distribute such Shares if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, such a
representation is required.
27. INABILITY TO OBTAIN AUTHORITY. The inability of the Company to obtain authority from any regulatory
body having jurisdiction or to complete or comply with the requirements of any registration or other qualification of the Shares
under any state, federal or foreign law or under the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the stock
exchange on which Shares of the same class are then listed, or any other governmental or regulatory body, which authority,
registration, qualification or rule compliance is deemed by the Company’s counsel to be necessary or advisable for the issuance and
sale of any Shares hereunder, will relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue or sell such Shares as to
which such requisite authority, registration, qualification or rule compliance will not have been obtained.
29

28. FORFEITURE EVENTS. To the extent applicable, Awards shall be subject to any recovery, recoupment, clawback
and/or other forfeiture policy maintained by the Company from time to time. The Administrator may specify in an Award Agreement
that the Participant’s rights, payments, and benefits with respect to an Award shall be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture, or
recoupment upon the occurrence of certain specified events, in addition to any otherwise applicable vesting or performance
conditions of an Award. Such events may include, but shall not be limited to, fraud, breach of a fiduciary duty, restatement of
financial statements as a result of fraud or willful errors or omissions, termination of employment for cause, violation of material
Company and/or Subsidiary policies, breach of non-competition, confidentiality, or other restrictive covenants that may apply to the
Participant, or other conduct by the Participant that is detrimental to the business or reputation of the Company and/or its
Subsidiaries. The Administrator may also require the application of this Section with respect to any Award previously granted to a
Participant even without any specified terms being included in any applicable Award Agreement to the extent required under
Applicable Laws.
29. STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL. The Plan will be subject to approval by the stockholders of the Company within
twelve (12) months after the date the Plan is adopted by the Board. Such stockholder approval will be obtained in the manner and to
the degree required under Applicable Laws.
30

Exhibit 10.3
SALESFORCE, INC.
2014 INDUCEMENT EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
(As Amended and Restated Effective March 21, 2024)
1. Purposes of the Plan. The purposes of this Plan are:
• to attract and retain the best available Employees,
• to provide incentive to Employees, and 
• to promote the success of the Company’s business.
The Plan permits the grant of Nonstatutory Stock Options, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Stock Appreciation
Rights, Performance Bonus Awards, Performance Units and Performance Shares. Each Award under the Plan is intended to qualify
as an employment inducement award under New York Stock Exchange Listing Rule 303A.08 (the “Listing Rule”) and the Plan shall
be interpreted and administered accordingly.
2. Definitions. As used herein, the following definitions will apply:
(a) “Administrator” means the Board or any of its Committees as will be administering the Plan, in accordance with
Section 4 of the Plan.
(b) “Affiliate” means any corporation or any other entity (including, but not limited to, partnerships and joint ventures)
controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the Company.
(c) “Applicable Laws” means the requirements relating to the administration of equity-based awards under U.S. state
corporate laws, U.S. federal and state securities laws, the Code, any stock exchange or quotation system on which the Common
Stock is listed or quoted and the applicable laws of any foreign country or jurisdiction where Awards are, or will be, granted under
the Plan.
(d) “Award” means, individually or collectively, a grant under the Plan of Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted
Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Bonus Awards, Performance Units or Performance Shares.
(e) “Award Agreement” means the written or electronic agreement setting forth the terms and provisions applicable to each
Award granted under the Plan. Each Award Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.
(f) “Award Transfer Program” means any program instituted by the Administrator that would permit Participants the
opportunity to transfer for value any outstanding Awards to a

financial institution or other person or entity approved by the Administrator. A transfer for “value” shall not be deemed to occur
under this Plan where an Award is transferred by a Participant for bona fide estate planning purposes to a trust or other testamentary
vehicle approved by the Administrator.
(g) “Board” means the Board of Directors of the Company.
(h) “Cause” means, unless otherwise defined by the Participant’s Award Agreement or contract of employment or service,
any of the following: (i) the Participant’s theft, dishonesty, or falsification of any Participating Company documents or records;
(ii) the Participant’s improper use or disclosure of a Participating Company’s confidential or proprietary information; (iii) any action
by the Participant which has a detrimental effect on a Participating Company’s reputation or business; (iv) the Participant’s failure or
inability to perform any reasonable assigned duties after written notice from a Participating Company of, and a reasonable
opportunity to cure, such failure or inability; (v) any material breach by the Participant of any employment or service agreement
between the Participant and a Participating Company, which breach is not cured pursuant to the terms of such agreement; or (vi) the
Participant’s conviction (including any plea of guilty or nolo contendere) of any criminal act which impairs the Participant’s ability
to perform his or her duties with a Participating Company.
(i) “Change in Control” means the occurrence of any of the following events:
(i) A change in the ownership of the Company which occurs on the date that any one person, or more than one
person acting as a group (“Person”), acquires ownership of the stock of the Company that, together with the stock held by such
Person, constitutes more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of the stock of the Company; provided, however, that for
purposes of this clause (i), (1) the acquisition of beneficial ownership of additional stock by any one Person who is considered to
beneficially own more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of the stock of the Company will not be considered a
Change in Control; and (2) if the stockholders of the Company immediately before such change in ownership continue to retain
immediately after the change in ownership, in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company’s
voting stock immediately prior to the change in ownership, direct or indirect beneficial ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of
the total voting power of the stock of the Company, such event shall not be considered a Change in Control under this clause (i). For
this purpose, indirect beneficial ownership shall include, without limitation, an interest resulting from ownership of the voting
securities of one or more corporations or other business entities which own the Company, as the case may be, either directly or
through one or more subsidiary corporations or other business entities;
(ii) A change in the effective control of the Company which occurs on the date that a majority of members of the
Board is replaced during any twelve (12) month period by Directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of
the members of the Board prior to the date of the appointment or election. For purposes of this subsection (ii), if any Person is
considered to be in effective control of the Company, the acquisition of additional control of the Company by the same Person will
not be considered a Change in Control; or
2

(iii) A change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company’s assets which occurs on the date that any
Person acquires (or has acquired during the twelve (12) month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such
person or persons) assets from the Company that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than fifty percent (50%) of the
total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions; provided,
however, that for purposes of this subsection (iii), the following will not constitute a change in the ownership of a substantial portion
of the Company’s assets: (A) a transfer to an entity that is controlled by the Company’s stockholders immediately after the transfer,
or (B) a transfer of assets by the Company to: (1) a stockholder of the Company (immediately before the asset transfer) in exchange
for or with respect to the Company’s stock, (2) an entity, fifty percent (50%) or more of the total value or voting power of which is
owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company, (3) a Person, that owns, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50%) or more of the total
value or voting power of all the outstanding stock of the Company, or (4) an entity, at least fifty percent (50%) of the total value or
voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by a Person described in this subsection (iii)(B)(3). For purposes of this
subsection (iii), gross fair market value means the value of the assets of the Company, or the value of the assets being disposed of,
determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets.
For purposes of this definition, Persons will be considered to be acting as a group if they are owners of a corporation
that enters into a merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with the Company.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed a Change in Control unless the transaction qualifies
as a change in control event within the meaning of Section 409A.
Further and for the avoidance of doubt, a transaction will not constitute a Change in Control if: (i) its sole purpose is
to change the jurisdiction of the Company’s incorporation, or (ii) its sole purpose is to create a holding company that will be owned
in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Company’s securities immediately before such transaction.
(j) “Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Reference to a specific section of the Code or
regulation thereunder shall include such section or regulation, any valid regulation promulgated under such section, and any
comparable provision of any future legislation or regulation amending, supplementing or superseding such section or regulation.
(k) “Committee” means a committee of Directors or of other individuals satisfying Applicable Laws appointed by the
Board, or a duly authorized committee of the Board, in accordance with Section 4 hereof.
(l) “Common Stock” means the common stock of the Company.
(m) “Company” means Salesforce, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any successor thereto.
3

(n) “Consultant” means any natural person, including an advisor, engaged by the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary or
other Affiliate to render services to such entity. However, a person shall not be deemed a Consultant if inclusion of that person as a
Consultant would cause the Awards or Shares available under the Plan to be ineligible for registration on a Form S-8 Registration
Statement under the Securities Act.
(o) “Director” means a member of the Board.
(p) “Disability” means total and permanent disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, provided that the
Administrator, in its discretion, may determine whether a permanent and total disability exists in accordance with uniform and nondiscriminatory standards adopted by the Administrator from time to time.
(q) “Dividend Equivalent” means a credit, made at the discretion of the Administrator or as otherwise provided by the
Plan, to the account of a Participant in an amount equal to the cash dividends paid on one Share for each Share represented by an
Award held by such Participant.
(r) “Employee” means any person, including Officers and Directors, employed by the Company or any Parent or
Subsidiary or other Affiliate of the Company. Neither service as a Director nor payment of a director’s fee by the Company will be
sufficient to constitute “employment” by the Company or an Affiliate. However, for the avoidance of doubt, although a person who
is an Employee also may be a Director, a person who already is serving as a Director prior to becoming an Employee will not be
eligible to be granted an Award under the Plan unless permitted under the Listing Rule. The Company shall determine in good faith
and in the exercise of its discretion whether an individual has become or has ceased to be an Employee and the effective date of such
individual’s employment or termination of employment, as the case may be. For purposes of an individual’s rights, if any, under the
Plan as of the time of the Company’s determination, all such determinations by the Company shall be final, binding and conclusive,
notwithstanding that the Company or any court of law or governmental agency subsequently makes a contrary determination.
(s) “Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
(t) “Exchange Program” means a program under which (i) outstanding awards are surrendered or cancelled in exchange
for awards of the same type (which may have higher or lower exercise prices and different terms), awards of a different type, or
cash, (ii) Participants would have the opportunity to participate in an Award Transfer Program, or (iii) the exercise price of an
outstanding Award is reduced. The Administrator will determine the terms and conditions of any Exchange Program in its sole
discretion. For the avoidance of doubt, the term Exchange Program does not include any action authorized under Section 14 or
Section 15 of the Plan.
(u) “Fair Market Value” means, as of any date, the value of Common Stock determined as follows:
4

(i) If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or a national market system, including without
limitation the New York Stock Exchange, NASDAQ Global Select Market, the NASDAQ Global Market or the NASDAQ Capital
Market of The NASDAQ Stock Market, its Fair Market Value will be the closing sales price for such stock (or the mean of the
closing bid and asked prices for the Common Stock, if no sales were reported) as quoted on such exchange or system on the day of
determination, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Administrator deems reliable. If the relevant date
does not fall on a day on which the Common Stock has traded on such securities exchange or market system, the date on which the
Fair Market Value shall be established shall be the last day on which the Common Stock was so traded prior to the relevant date, or
such other appropriate day as shall be determined by the Administrator, in its discretion;
(ii) If the Common Stock is regularly quoted by a recognized securities dealer but selling prices are not reported, the
Fair Market Value of a Share will be the mean between the high bid and low asked prices for the Common Stock on the day of
determination (or, if no bids and asks were reported on that date, as applicable, on the last trading date such bids and asks were
reported), as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Administrator deems reliable; or
(iii) In the absence of an established market for the Common Stock, the Fair Market Value will be determined in
good faith by the Administrator.
(v) “Fiscal Year” means the fiscal year of the Company.
(w) “Incentive Stock Option” means an Option that by its terms qualifies and is otherwise intended to qualify as an
incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder.
(x) “Inside Director” means a Director who is an Employee.
(y) “Nonstatutory Stock Option” means an Option that by its terms does not qualify or is not intended to qualify as an
Incentive Stock Option.
(z) “Officer” means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
(aa) “Option” means a stock option granted pursuant to the Plan. All Options granted under the Plan are intended to be
Nonstatutory Stock Options.
(bb) “Outside Director” means a Director who is not an Employee.
(cc) “Parent” means a “parent corporation,” whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(e) of the Code.
(dd) “Participant” means the holder of an outstanding Award.
(ee) “Participating Company” means the Company or any Affiliate.
5

(ff) “Performance Bonus Award” means a cash award set forth in Section 12.
(gg) “Performance Period” means the time period determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion during which the
performance objectives must be met.
(hh) “Performance Share” means an Award denominated in Shares which may be earned in whole or in part upon
attainment of performance goals or other vesting criteria as the Administrator may determine pursuant to Section 11.
(ii) “Performance Unit” means an Award which may be earned in whole or in part upon attainment of performance goals
or other vesting criteria as the Administrator may determine and which may be settled for cash, Shares or other securities or a
combination of the foregoing pursuant to Section 11.
(jj) “Plan” means this 2014 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan, as the same may be amended from time to time.
(kk) “Restricted Stock” means Shares issued pursuant to a Restricted Stock award under Section 8 of the Plan, or issued
pursuant to the early exercise of an Option.
(ll) “Restricted Stock Unit” means a bookkeeping entry representing an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of one
Share, granted pursuant to Section 9. Each Restricted Stock Unit represents an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company.
(mm) “Rule 16b-3” means Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect when discretion is
being exercised with respect to the Plan.
(nn) “Section 16(b)” means Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act.
(oo) “Section 409A” means Section 409A of the Code, and any proposed, temporary or final Treasury Regulations and
Internal Revenue Service guidance thereunder, as each may be amended from time to time.
(pp) “Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
(qq) “Service Provider” means an Employee, Director or Consultant. The Company shall determine in good faith and in
the exercise of its discretion whether an individual has become or has ceased to be a Service Provider and the effective date of such
individual’s status as, or cessation of status as, a Service Provider. For purposes of an individual’s rights, if any, under the Plan as of
the time of the Company’s determination, all such determinations by the Company shall be final, binding and conclusive,
notwithstanding that the Company or any court of law or governmental agency subsequently makes a contrary determination.
(rr) “Share” means a share of the Common Stock, as adjusted in accordance with Section 15 of the Plan.
6

(ss) “Stock Appreciation Right” or “SAR” means an Award, granted alone or in connection with an Option, that pursuant
to Section 10 is designated as a Stock Appreciation Right.
(tt) “Subsidiary” means a “subsidiary corporation,” whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(f) of the
Code.
(uu) “Tax Obligations” means tax and social insurance liability obligations and requirements in connection with the
Awards, including, without limitation, (A) all federal, state, and local taxes (including the Participant’s Federal Insurance
Contributions Act (FICA) obligation) that are required to be withheld by the Company or the employing Affiliate, (B) the
Participant’s and, to the extent required by the Company (or Affiliate), the Company’s (or Affiliate’s) fringe benefit tax liability, if
any, associated with the grant, vesting, or exercise of an Award or sale of Shares, and (C) any other Company (or Affiliate) taxes the
responsibility for which the Participant has, or has agreed to bear, with respect to such Award (or exercise thereof or issuance of
Shares thereunder).
3. Stock Subject to the Plan.
(a) Stock Subject to the Plan. Subject to the provisions of Section 15 of the Plan, the maximum aggregate number of
Shares that may be issued under the Plan is the sum of (i) 5,085,000 Shares, plus (ii) the number of Shares (not to exceed a total of
2,750,000) that, as of July 9, 2014, remain available for issuance under the Company’s 2006 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan (the
“2006 Plan”) or that, after that date, otherwise would have returned to the 2006 Plan pursuant to the terms of the 2006 Plan (for
example, but not by way of limitation, due to the expiration or forfeiture of an award thereunder). The Shares may be authorized, but
unissued, or reacquired Common Stock.
(b) Lapsed Awards. If an Award expires or becomes unexercisable without having been exercised in full, is surrendered
pursuant to an Exchange Program, or, with respect to Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Units or Performance
Shares, is forfeited to or repurchased by the Company due to failure to vest, the unpurchased Shares (or for Awards other than
Options or Stock Appreciation Rights the forfeited or repurchased Shares), which were subject thereto will become available for
future grant or sale under the Plan (unless the Plan has terminated). Upon exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right settled in Shares,
the gross number of Shares covered by the portion of the Award so exercised, whether or not actually issued pursuant to such
exercise will cease to be available under the Plan. Shares that have actually been issued under the Plan under any Award will not be
returned to the Plan and will not become available for future distribution under the Plan; provided, however, that if Shares issued
pursuant to Awards of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares or Performance Units are repurchased by the
Company or are forfeited to the Company due to failure to vest, such Shares will become available for future grant under the Plan.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Shares used to pay the exercise price or purchase of an Award other than an Option or SAR or to
satisfy the tax withholding obligations related to an Award other than an Option or SAR will become available for future grant or
sale under the Plan; Shares used to pay the exercise price or
7

purchase of an Option or SAR or to satisfy the tax withholding obligations related to an Option or SAR will not become available for
future grant or sale under the Plan. To the extent an Award (including a Dividend Equivalent) under the Plan is paid out in cash
rather than Shares, whether pursuant to a Performance Bonus Award or other Award, such cash payment will not result in reducing
the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or any Award Agreement to the
contrary, Shares actually issued pursuant to Awards transferred under any Award Transfer Program will not be again available for
grant under the Plan.
(c) Share Reserve. The Company, during the term of this Plan, will at all times reserve and keep available such number of
Shares as will be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Plan.
4. Administration of the Plan.
(a) Procedure.
(i) Multiple Administrative Bodies. Different Committees with respect to different groups of Service Providers may
administer the Plan.
(ii) Rule 16b-3. To the extent desirable to qualify transactions hereunder as exempt under Rule 16b-3, the
transactions contemplated hereunder will be structured to satisfy the requirements for exemption under Rule 16b-3.
(iii) Other Administration. Other than as provided above, the Plan will be administered by (A) the Board or (B) a
Committee, which committee will be constituted to satisfy Applicable Laws. The Administrator may, in its discretion and to the
extent permitted by Applicable Laws, delegate to a Committee, including but not limited to, a Committee comprised of one or more
Officers, the authority to grant one or more Awards, without further approval of the Administrator, on such terms and conditions as
the Administrator, in its discretion, deems appropriate. To the extent of any delegation by the Administrator, references to the
Administrator in the Plan and any Award Agreement shall be deemed also to include reference to the applicable delegate(s).
(iv) Delegation of Authority for Day-to-Day Administration; Authority of Officers. Except to the extent prohibited
by Applicable Law, the Administrator may delegate to one or more individuals the day-to-day administration of the Plan and any of
the functions assigned to it in this Plan. Such delegation may be revoked at any time. Any Officer shall have the authority to act on
behalf of the Company with respect to any matter, right, obligation, determination or election which is the responsibility of or which
is allocated to the Company herein, provided the Officer has apparent authority with respect to such matter, right, obligation,
determination or election.
(b) Powers of the Administrator. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, and in the case of a Committee, subject to the
specific duties delegated by the Board to such Committee, the Administrator will have the authority, in its discretion:
8

(i) to determine the Fair Market Value;
(ii) to select the individuals to whom Awards may be granted hereunder (which Awards shall be intended as a
material inducement to the individual becoming an Employee);
(iii) to determine the number of Shares to be covered by each Award granted hereunder;
(iv) to approve forms of Award Agreements for use under the Plan;
(v) to determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, of any Award granted
hereunder. Such terms and conditions include, but are not limited to, the exercise price, the method of payment for Shares purchased
under any Award, the method for satisfaction of any tax withholding obligation arising in connection with an Award, the time or
times when Awards may be exercised (which may be based on performance criteria), any vesting acceleration or waiver of forfeiture
restrictions, and any restriction or limitation regarding any Award or the Shares relating thereto, based in each case on such factors as
the Administrator will determine;
(vi) to determine the terms and conditions of any Exchange Program or Award Transfer Program and with the
consent of the Company’s stockholders, to institute an Exchange Program or Award Transfer Program (provided that the
Administrator may not institute an Exchange Program or Award Transfer Program without first receiving the consent of the
Company’s stockholders);
(vii) to construe and interpret the terms of the Plan and Awards granted pursuant to the Plan;
(viii) to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan, including rules and regulations
relating to sub-plans established for the purpose of satisfying applicable foreign laws or qualifying for favorable tax treatment under
applicable foreign laws;
(ix) to modify or amend each Award (subject to Section 21 of the Plan), including but not limited to the
discretionary authority to extend the post-termination exercisability period of Awards and to extend the maximum term of an Option;
(x) to allow Participants to satisfy withholding tax obligations in such manner as prescribed in Section 17 of the
Plan;
(xi) to authorize any person to execute on behalf of the Company any instrument required to effect the grant of an
Award previously granted by the Administrator pursuant to such procedures as the Administrator may determine;
(xii) to allow a Participant, in compliance with all Applicable Laws including, but not limited to, Section 409A, to
defer the receipt of the payment of cash or the delivery of Shares that would otherwise be due to such Participant under an Award;
9

(xiii) to determine whether Awards will be settled in Shares, cash or in any combination thereof;
(xiv) to impose such restrictions, conditions or limitations as it determines appropriate as to the timing and manner
of any resales by a Participant or other subsequent transfers by the Participant of any Shares issued as a result of or under an Award,
including without limitation, (A) restrictions under an insider trading policy, and (B) restrictions as to the use of a specified
brokerage firm for such resales or other transfers;
(xv) to require that the Participant’s rights, payments and benefits with respect to an Award (including amounts
received upon the settlement or exercise of an Award) shall be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture or recoupment upon the
occurrence of certain specified events, in addition to any otherwise applicable vesting or performance conditions of an Award, as
may be specified in an Award Agreement at the time of the Award, or later if (A) Applicable Laws require the Company to adopt a
policy requiring such reduction, cancellation, forfeiture or recoupment, or (B) pursuant to an amendment of an outstanding Award;
and
(xvi) to correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan or any Award Agreement
and to make all other determinations and take such other actions with respect to the Plan or any Award deemed necessary or
advisable for administering the Plan.
(c) Effect of Administrator’s Decision. The Administrator’s decisions, determinations and interpretations will be final and
binding on all Participants and any other holders of Awards and shall be given the maximum deference permitted by law.
5. Eligibility. Nonstatutory Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance
Bonus Awards, Performance Shares and Performance Units may be granted to any individual as a material inducement to the
individual becoming an Employee, as provided in the Listing Rule.
6. Limitations on Grants. The following limitations shall apply to Awards under the Plan: subject to adjustment as provided in
Section 15, during any Fiscal Year, no Employee will be granted:
(i) Options or SARs covering more than a total of 28,000,000 Shares;
(ii) Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units or Performance Shares covering more than 14,000,000 Shares;
(iii) Performance Units having an initial value greater than $20,000,000;
(iv) Performance Bonus Awards that could result in such Employee receiving more than $10,000,000 in any one
Fiscal Year; and
10

(v) If an Award is cancelled in the same Fiscal Year in which it was granted (other than in connection with a
transaction described in Section 15(c)), the cancelled Award will be counted against the limits set forth in this Section 6.
7. Stock Options.
(a) Grant of Option. The Administrator, in its sole discretion and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, may grant
Options to any individual as a material inducement to the individual becoming an Employee, which grant shall become effective
only if the individual actually becomes an Employee. Subject to Section 6 and the other terms and conditions of the Plan, the
Administrator will have complete discretion to determine the number of Shares granted to any Employee. Each Option shall be
evidenced by an Award Agreement (which may be in electronic form) that shall specify the exercise price, the expiration date of the
Option, the number of Shares covered by the Option, any conditions to exercise the Option, and such other terms and conditions as
the Administrator, in its discretion, shall determine.
(b) Term of Option. The term of each Option will be stated in the Award Agreement; provided, however, that the term will
be no more than seven (7) years from the date of grant hereof.
(c) Option Exercise Price and Consideration.
(i) Exercise Price. The per share exercise price for the Shares to be issued pursuant to exercise of an Option will be
determined by the Administrator, subject to the following:
(1) The per Share exercise price will be no less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value per
Share on the date of grant; and
(2) Notwithstanding the foregoing, Options may be granted with a per Share exercise price of less than one
hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant pursuant to a transaction described in, and in a
manner consistent with, Section 424(a) of the Code.
(ii) Waiting Period and Exercise Dates. At the time an Option is granted, the Administrator will fix the period within
which the Option may be exercised and will determine any conditions that must be satisfied before the Option may be exercised. At
any time after the grant of an Option, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may reduce or waive any vesting criteria or waiting
periods and may accelerate the time at which any restrictions will lapse or be removed.
(iii) Form of Consideration. The Administrator will determine the acceptable form of consideration for exercising an
Option, including the method of payment. Such consideration may consist entirely of, without limitation: (1) cash; (2) check;
(3) promissory note, to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws, (4) other Shares, provided that such Shares have a Fair Market
Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price of the
11

Shares as to which such Option will be exercised and provided that accepting such Shares will not result in any adverse accounting
consequences to the Company, as the Administrator determines in its sole discretion; (5) consideration received by the Company
under a cashless exercise program (whether through a broker, net exercise program or otherwise) implemented by the Company in
connection with the Plan; (6) by reduction in the amount of any Company liability to the Participant, (7) by net exercise; (8) such
other consideration and method of payment for the issuance of Shares to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws; or (9) any
combination of the foregoing methods of payment.
(d) Exercise of Option.
(i) Procedure for Exercise; Rights as a Stockholder. Any Option granted hereunder will be exercisable according to
the terms of the Plan and at such times and under such conditions as determined by the Administrator and set forth in the Award
Agreement. An Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share.
An Option will be deemed exercised when the Company receives: (i) a notice of exercise (in such form as the
Administrator may specify from time to time) from the person entitled to exercise the Option, and (ii) full payment for the Shares
with respect to which the Option is exercised (together with applicable withholding taxes). Full payment may consist of any
consideration and method of payment authorized by the Administrator and permitted by the Award Agreement and the Plan. Shares
issued upon exercise of an Option will be issued in the name of the Participant or, if requested by the Participant, in the name of the
Participant and his or her spouse. Until the Shares are issued (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or
of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company), no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder will
exist with respect to the Shares subject to an Option, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Company will issue (or cause
to be issued) such Shares promptly after the Option is exercised. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for which
the record date is prior to the date the Shares are issued, except as provided in Section 15 of the Plan.
Exercising an Option in any manner will decrease the number of Shares thereafter available, both for purposes of
the Plan and for sale under the Option, by the number of Shares as to which the Option is exercised.
(ii) Termination of Relationship as a Service Provider. If a Participant ceases to be a Service Provider, other than
upon the Participant’s termination as the result of the Participant’s death or Disability or as a result of a termination for Cause, the
Participant may exercise his or her Option within such period of time as is specified in the Award Agreement to the extent that the
Option is vested on the date of termination (but in no event later than the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the
Award Agreement). In the absence of a specified time in the Award Agreement, the Option will remain exercisable for ninety
(90) days following the Participant’s termination. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, if on the date of termination the
Participant is not vested as to his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option will revert to the
Plan. If after termination the
12

Participant does not exercise his or her Option within the time specified by the Administrator, the Option will terminate, and the
Shares covered by such Option will revert to the Plan.
(iii) Disability of Participant. If a Participant ceases to be a Service Provider as a result of the Participant’s
Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Option within such period of time as is specified in the Award Agreement to the
extent the Option is vested on the date of termination (but in no event later than the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth
in the Award Agreement). In the absence of a specified time in the Award Agreement, the Option will remain exercisable for twelve
(12) months following the Participant’s termination. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, if on the date of termination
the Participant is not vested as to his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option will revert to the
Plan. If after termination the Participant does not exercise his or her Option within the time specified herein, the Option will
terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option will revert to the Plan.
(iv) Death of Participant. If a Participant dies while a Service Provider, the Option may be exercised following the
Participant’s death within such period of time as is specified in the Award Agreement to the extent that the Option is vested on the
date of death (but in no event may the option be exercised later than the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the
Award Agreement), by the personal representative of the Participant’s estate or by the person(s) to whom the Option is transferred
pursuant to the Participant’s will or in accordance with the laws of descent and distribution. In the absence of a specified time in the
Award Agreement, the Option will remain exercisable for twelve (12) months following Participant’s death. Unless otherwise
provided by the Administrator, if at the time of death Participant is not vested as to his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by
the unvested portion of the Option will immediately revert to the Plan. If the Option is not so exercised within the time specified
herein, the Option will terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option will revert to the Plan. The Participant’s status as a Service
Provider shall be deemed to have terminated on account of death if the Participant dies within ninety (90) days (or such longer
period of time as determined by the Administrator, in its discretion) after the Participant’s termination as a Service Provider.
(v) Termination for Cause. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, if the Participant’s status
as a Service Provider is terminated for Cause, the Option shall terminate and cease to be exercisable immediately upon such
termination as a Service Provider.
(e) Extension if Exercise Prevented by Law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, other than termination of Service for Cause, if
the exercise of an Option within the applicable time periods set forth in Section 7(d) is prevented by the provisions of Section 26
below, the Option shall remain exercisable until ninety (90) days (or such longer period of time as determined by the Administrator,
in its discretion) after the date the Participant is notified by the Company that the Option is exercisable, but in no event later than the
expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement.
13

(f) Extension if Participant Subject to Section 16(b). Notwithstanding the foregoing, other than termination of Service for
Cause, if a sale within the applicable time periods set forth in Section 7(d) of shares acquired upon the exercise of the Option would
subject the Participant to suit under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, the Option shall remain exercisable until the earliest to occur
of (i) the tenth (10th) day following the date on which a sale of such shares by the Participant would no longer be subject to such
suit, or (ii) the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement.
8. Restricted Stock.
(a) Grant of Restricted Stock. The Administrator, in its sole discretion and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan,
may grant Awards of Restricted Stock to any individual as a material inducement to the individual becoming an Employee, which
grant shall become effective only if the individual actually becomes an Employee. The Administrator, in its sole discretion and
subject to Section 6 of the Plan, shall determine the number of Shares to be granted to each such individual.
(b) Restricted Stock Agreement. Each Award of Restricted Stock will be evidenced by an Award Agreement (which may
be in electronic form) that will specify any vesting conditions, the number of Shares granted, and such other terms and conditions as
the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. For purposes of clarity, an Award of Restricted Stock may be granted without
vesting conditions or other restrictions. Unless the Administrator determines otherwise, the Company as escrow agent will hold
Shares of Restricted Stock until the restrictions on such Shares, if any, have lapsed.
(c) Transferability. Except as provided in this Section 8, Section 14 or the Award Agreement, Shares of Restricted Stock
may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated until the end of the applicable vesting period
(if any).
(d) Other Restrictions. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may impose such other restrictions on Shares of Restricted
Stock as it may deem advisable or appropriate. The Administrator may set restrictions based upon continued employment or service,
the achievement of specific performance objectives (Company-wide, departmental, divisional, business unit, or individual),
applicable federal or state securities laws, or any other basis determined by the Administrator in its discretion.
(e) Removal of Restrictions. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 8, Shares of Restricted Stock covered by each
Restricted Stock grant made under the Plan will be released from escrow as soon as practicable after the last day of the vesting
period or at such other time as the Administrator may determine. The Administrator, in its discretion, may reduce or waive any
vesting criteria and may accelerate the time at which any restrictions will lapse or be removed. The Administrator, in its discretion,
may establish procedures regarding the release of Shares from escrow or removal of legends, as necessary or appropriate to
minimize administrative burdens on the Company.
14

(f) Legend on Certificates. The Administrator, in its discretion, may require that one or more legends be place on the
certificates representing Restricted Stock to give appropriate notice of the applicable restrictions.
(g) Voting Rights. During the vesting period, Service Providers holding Shares of Restricted Stock granted hereunder may
exercise full voting rights with respect to those Shares, unless the Administrator determines otherwise.
(h) Dividends and Other Distributions. During the vesting period, Participants holding Shares of Restricted Stock will be
entitled to receive all dividends and other distributions paid with respect to such Shares, unless the Administrator provides otherwise.
Any such dividends or distributions shall be subject to the same restrictions on transferability and forfeitability as the Shares of
Restricted Stock with respect to which they were paid, unless otherwise provided in the Award Agreement.
(i) Return of Restricted Stock to Company. On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, the Restricted Stock for which
restrictions have not lapsed will revert to the Company and, subject to Section 3, again will become available for grant under the
Plan.
9. Restricted Stock Units.
(a) Grant. The Administrator, in its sole discretion and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, may grant
Restricted Stock Units to any individual as a material inducement to the individual becoming an Employee, which grant shall
become effective only if the individual actually becomes an Employee. The Administrator, in its sole discretion and subject to
Section 6 of the Plan, shall determine the number of Shares to be covered by each such Award.
(b) Award Agreement. Each Award of Restricted Stock Units will be evidenced by an Award Agreement (which may be in
electronic form) that will specify any vesting conditions, the number of Restricted Stock Units granted, and such other terms and
conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine.
(c) Vesting Criteria and Other Terms. The Administrator will set vesting criteria (if any) in its discretion, which, depending
on the extent to which the criteria are met, will determine the number of Restricted Stock Units that will be paid out to the
Participant. The Administrator may set vesting criteria based upon continued employment or service, the achievement of specific
performance objectives (Company-wide, departmental, divisional, business unit, or individual goals (including, but not limited to,
continued employment or service)), applicable federal or state securities laws or any other basis determined by the Administrator in
its discretion.
(d) Earning Restricted Stock Units. Upon meeting the applicable vesting criteria, the Participant will be entitled to receive
a payout as determined by the Administrator. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time after the grant of Restricted Stock Units,
the
15

Administrator, in its sole discretion, may reduce or waive any vesting criteria that must be met to receive a payout and may
accelerate the time at which any restrictions will lapse or be removed.
(e) Form and Timing of Payment. Payment of earned Restricted Stock Units will be made as soon as practicable after the
date(s) determined by the Administrator and set forth in the Award Agreement; provided, however, that the timing of payment shall
in all cases comply with Section 409A to the extent applicable to the Award. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may settle
earned Restricted Stock Units in cash, Shares, or a combination of both.
(f) Cancellation. On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, all unearned Restricted Stock Units will be forfeited to the
Company and, subject to Section 3, again will become available for grant under the Plan.
(g) Voting Rights, Dividend Equivalents and Distributions. Participants shall have no voting rights with respect to Shares
represented by Restricted Stock Units until the date of the issuance of such Shares (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the
books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company). However, the Administrator, in its discretion, may
provide in the Award Agreement evidencing any Restricted Stock Unit Award that the Participant shall be entitled to receive
Dividend Equivalents with respect to the payment of cash dividends on Shares having a record date prior to the date on which the
Restricted Stock Units held by such Participant are settled. Settlement of Dividend Equivalents may be made in cash, Shares, or a
combination thereof as determined by the Administrator. Except as otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, Dividend
Equivalents, if any, shall be accrued by crediting the Participant with additional whole Restricted Stock Units as of the date of
payment of such cash dividends on Shares (or as of the record date if the Restricted Stock Units are settled on or after the record date
and before the date of payment of the cash dividend) and the number of additional Restricted Stock Units (rounded to the nearest
whole number) to be so credited shall be determined by dividing (i) the amount of cash dividends paid (or to be paid) on such date
with respect to the number of Shares represented by the Restricted Stock Units previously credited to the Participant by (ii) the Fair
Market Value per Share as of the date such Dividend Equivalents are credited. Any such additional Restricted Stock Units shall be
subject to the same terms and conditions, including but not limited to vesting conditions, and shall be settled in the same manner and
at the same time (or as soon thereafter as practicable) as the Restricted Stock Units originally subject to the Restricted Stock Unit
Award. For the avoidance of doubt, such additional Restricted Stock Units or other Dividend Equivalents will not vest or be paid
prior to the time that the original Award vests. In the event of a dividend or distribution paid in Shares or any other adjustment made
upon a change in the capital structure of the Company as described in Section 15 appropriate adjustments shall be made in the
Participant’s Restricted Stock Unit Award so that it represents the right to receive upon settlement any and all new, substituted or
additional securities or other property (other than normal cash dividends) to which the Participant would be entitled by reason of the
Shares issuable upon settlement of the Award, and all such new, substituted or additional securities or other property shall be
immediately subject to the same vesting conditions as are applicable to the Award.
16

10. Stock Appreciation Rights.
(a) Grant of Stock Appreciation Rights. The Administrator, in its sole discretion and subject to the terms and conditions of
the Plan, may grant Stock Appreciation Rights to any individual as a material inducement to the individual becoming an Employee,
which grant shall become effective only if the individual actually becomes an Employee.
(b) Number of Shares. Subject to Section 6 and the other terms and conditions of the Plan, the Administrator will have
complete discretion to determine the number of Shares subject to Stock Appreciation Rights granted to any Service Provider.
(c) Exercise Price and Other Terms. The per share exercise price for the Shares to be issued pursuant to exercise of a Stock
Appreciation Right will be determined by the Administrator and will be no less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market
Value per Share on the date of grant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Stock Appreciation Rights may be granted with a per Share
exercise price of less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant pursuant to a
transaction described in, and in a manner consistent with, Section 424(a) of the Code. Otherwise, the Administrator, subject to the
provisions of the Plan, will have complete discretion to determine the terms and conditions of Stock Appreciation Rights granted
under the Plan. At any time after the grant of a Stock Appreciation Right, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may reduce or
waive any vesting criteria and may accelerate the time at which any restrictions will lapse or be removed.
(d) Stock Appreciation Right Agreement. Each Stock Appreciation Right grant will be evidenced by an Award Agreement
(which may be in electronic form) that will specify the exercise price, the term of the Stock Appreciation Right, the conditions of
exercise, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine.
(e) Expiration of Stock Appreciation Rights. A Stock Appreciation Right granted under the Plan will expire upon the date
determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion, and set forth in the Award Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
rules of Section 7(b) relating to the maximum term and Sections 7(d), 7(e) and 7(f) relating to exercise also will apply to Stock
Appreciation Rights.
(f) Payment of Stock Appreciation Right Amount. Upon exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right, a Participant will be
entitled to receive payment from the Company in an amount determined by multiplying:
(i) The difference between the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of exercise over the exercise price; times
(ii) The number of Shares with respect to which the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised.
At the discretion of the Administrator, the payment upon Stock Appreciation Right exercise may be in cash, in
Shares of equivalent value, or in some combination thereof.
17

11. Performance Units and Performance Shares.
(a) Grant of Performance Units/Shares. The Administrator, in its sole discretion and subject to the terms and conditions of
the Plan, may grant an Award of Performance Units or Performance Shares to any individual as a material inducement to the
individual becoming an Employee, which grant shall become effective only if the individual actually becomes an Employee. The
Administrator, in its sole discretion and subject to Section 6 of the Plan, shall determine the number of Shares to be covered by each
such Award.
(b) Award Agreement. Each Award of Performance Shares and Performance Units will be evidenced by an Award
Agreement (which may be in electronic form) that will specify any vesting conditions, the number of Performance Shares or
Performance Units, as applicable, granted, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will
determine.
(c) Value of Performance Units/Shares. Each Performance Unit will have an initial value that is established by the
Administrator on or before the date of grant. Each Performance Share will have an initial value equal to the Fair Market Value of a
Share on the date of grant.
(d) Performance Objectives and Other Terms. The Administrator will set performance objectives or other vesting
provisions (including, without limitation, continued status as a Service Provider) (if any) in its discretion which, depending on the
extent to which they are met, will determine the number or value of Performance Units or Performance Shares, as applicable, that
will be paid out to the Service Providers. The time period during which the performance objectives or other vesting provisions must
be met is the Performance Period. Each Award of Performance Units and Performance Shares will be evidenced by an Award
Agreement that will specify the Performance Period, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion,
will determine. The Administrator may set vesting criteria based upon continued employment or service, the achievement of specific
performance objectives (Company-wide, departmental, divisional, business unit, or individual goals (including, but not limited to,
continued employment or service)), applicable federal or state securities laws or any other basis determined by the Administrator in
its discretion.
(e) Earning of Performance Units/Shares. After the applicable Performance Period has ended, the holder of Performance
Units or Performance Shares, as applicable, will be entitled to receive a payout of the number of Performance Units or Performance
Shares, as applicable, earned by the Participant over the Performance Period, to be determined as a function of the extent to which
the corresponding performance objectives or other vesting provisions have been achieved. After the grant of a Performance Unit or
Performance Share, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may reduce or waive any performance objectives or other vesting
provisions for such Performance Unit or Performance Share, as applicable, and may accelerate the time at which any restrictions will
lapse or be removed.
(f) Form and Timing of Payment of Performance Units/Shares. Payment of earned Performance Units and Performance
Shares will be made as soon as practicable after the expiration of the applicable Performance Period or as otherwise determined by
the
18

Administrator; provided, however, that the timing of payment shall in all cases comply with Section 409A to the extent applicable to
the Award. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may pay earned Performance Units and Performance Shares in the form of cash,
in Shares or in a combination thereof.
(g) Cancellation of Performance Units/Shares. On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, all unearned or unvested
Performance Units or Performance Shares, as applicable, will be forfeited to the Company, and, subject to Section 3, again will be
available for grant under the Plan.
(h) Voting Rights, Dividend Equivalents and Distributions. Participants shall have no voting rights with respect to Shares
represented by Performance Units or Performance Shares until the date of the issuance of such Shares (as evidenced by the
appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company). However, the Administrator,
in its discretion, may provide in the Award Agreement evidencing any Award of Performance Shares that the Participant shall be
entitled to receive Dividend Equivalents with respect to the payment of cash dividends on Shares having a record date prior to the
date on which the Performance Shares are settled. Settlement of Dividend Equivalents may be made in cash, Shares, or a
combination thereof as determined by the Administrator, and may be paid on the same basis as settlement of the related Performance
Share. Except as otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, Dividend Equivalents, if any, shall be accrued by crediting the
Participant with additional whole Performance Shares as of the date of payment of such cash dividends on Shares (or as of the record
date if the Performance Shares are settled on or after the record date and before the date of payment of the cash dividend) and the
number of additional Performance Shares (rounded to the nearest whole number) to be so credited shall be determined by dividing
(i) the amount of cash dividends paid (or to be paid) on such date with respect to the number of Shares represented by the
Performance Shares previously credited to the Participant by (ii) the Fair Market Value per Share as of the date such Dividend
Equivalents are credited. Any such additional Performance Shares shall be subject to the same terms and conditions, including but
not limited to vesting conditions, and shall be settled in the same manner and at the same time (or as soon thereafter as practicable)
as the Performance Shares originally subject to the Award of Performance Shares. For the avoidance of doubt, such additional
Performance Shares or other Dividend Equivalents will not vest or be paid prior to the time that the original Award vests. Dividend
Equivalents shall not be paid with respect to Performance Units. In the event of a dividend or distribution paid in Shares or any other
adjustment made upon a change in the capital structure of the Company as described in Section 15 appropriate adjustments shall be
made in the Participant’s Award of Performance Shares so that it represents the right to receive upon settlement any and all new,
substituted or additional securities or other property (other than normal cash dividends) to which the Participant would be entitled by
reason of the Shares issuable upon settlement of the Award, and all such new, substituted or additional securities or other property
shall be immediately subject to the same vesting conditions as are applicable to the Award.
19

12. Performance Bonus Awards.
(a) Grant of Performance Bonus Awards. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, Performance Bonus Awards may
be granted to Employees at any time and from time to time, as will be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion, in the
form of a cash bonus payable upon the attainment of Performance Goals or other performance objectives that are established by the
Administrator, in each case on a specified date or dates or over any period or periods determined by the Administrator.
(b) Subject to Section 6 and the other terms and conditions of the Plan, the Administrator will have complete discretion to
determine the amount of the cash bonus that may be earned under a Performance Bonus Award.
13. Leaves of Absence/Transfer Between Locations. Unless the Administrator provides otherwise or as otherwise required by
Applicable Law, vesting of Awards granted hereunder will be suspended during any unpaid personal leave of absence other than a
Company-approved sabbatical, such that vesting shall cease on the first day of any such unpaid personal leave of absence and shall
only recommence upon return to active service. A Participant will not cease to be an Employee in the case of (i) any leave of absence
approved by the Company or (ii) transfers between locations of the Company or between the Company, its Parent, or any Subsidiary.
14. Transferability of Awards.
(a) Unless determined otherwise by the Administrator, an Award may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated,
transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised, during
the lifetime of the Participant, only by the Participant (or the Participant’s guardian or legal representative). If the Administrator
makes an Award transferable, such Award will contain such additional terms and conditions as the Administrator deems appropriate.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, in no event will the Administrator have the right to determine and implement
the terms and conditions of any Award Transfer Program without stockholder approval.
15. Adjustments; Dissolution or Liquidation; Merger or Change in Control.
(a) Adjustments. In the event that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Shares, other securities,
or other property, but excepting normal cash dividends), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization,
reincorporation, reclassification, merger, consolidation, split-up, split-off, spin-off, combination, repurchase, or exchange of Shares
or other securities of the Company, or other change in the corporate structure of the Company affecting the Shares occurs, the
Administrator, in order to prevent diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available
under the Plan, will equitably adjust the number and class of shares of stock that may be delivered under the Plan and the number,
class, and price of shares of stock covered by each outstanding Award, the numerical Share limits in Section 3 of the Plan and the per
person numerical Share limits in Section 6. Notwithstanding the preceding, the number of Shares subject to any Award always shall
be a whole number. Any fractional share resulting from an adjustment pursuant to this
20

Section 15(a) shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number, and in no event may the exercise or purchase price under any
Award be decreased to an amount less than the par value, if any, of the stock subject to such Award.
(b) Dissolution or Liquidation. In the event of the proposed dissolution or liquidation of the Company, the Administrator
will notify each Participant as soon as practicable prior to the effective date of such proposed transaction. To the extent it has not
been previously exercised (with respect to an Option or SAR) or vested (with respect to an Award other than an Option or SAR), an
Award will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed action.
(c) Change in Control. In the event of a merger of the Company with or into another corporation or other entity or a
Change in Control, each outstanding Award will be treated as the Administrator determines (subject to the provisions of the
following paragraph), including, without limitation, that each Award be assumed or an equivalent option or right substituted by the
successor corporation or a Parent or Subsidiary of the successor corporation. The Administrator will not be required to treat all
Awards similarly in the transaction.
In the event that the successor corporation does not assume or substitute for the Award, the Participant will fully vest
in and have the right to exercise all of his or her outstanding Options and Stock Appreciation Rights, including Shares as to which
such Awards would not otherwise be vested or exercisable, all restrictions on Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units will lapse,
and, with respect to Awards with performance-based vesting, unless determined otherwise by the Administrator, all performance
goals or other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved at one hundred percent (100%) of target levels and all other terms and
conditions met. In addition, if an Option or Stock Appreciation Right is not assumed or substituted in the event of a Change in
Control, the Administrator will notify the Participant in writing or electronically that the Option or Stock Appreciation Right will be
exercisable for a period of time determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion, and the Option or Stock Appreciation Right
will terminate upon the expiration of such period.
For the purposes of this subsection (c), an Award will be considered assumed if, following the Change in Control,
the Award confers the right to purchase or receive, for each Share subject to the Award immediately prior to the Change in Control,
the consideration (whether stock, cash, or other securities or property) received in the Change in Control by holders of Common
Stock for each Share held on the effective date of the transaction (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of
consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares); provided, however, that if such consideration received
in the Change in Control is not solely common stock of the successor corporation or its Parent, the Administrator may, with the
consent of the successor corporation, provide for the consideration to be received upon the exercise of an Option or Stock
Appreciation Right or upon the payout of a Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Unit or Performance Share, for each Share subject to
such Award, to be solely common stock of the successor corporation or its Parent equal in fair market value to the per share
consideration received by holders of Common Stock in the Change in Control.
21

Notwithstanding anything in this Section 15(c) to the contrary, an Award that vests, is earned or paid-out upon the
satisfaction of one or more performance goals will not be considered assumed if the Company or its successor modifies any of such
performance goals without the Participant’s consent; provided, however, a modification to such performance goals only to reflect the
successor corporation’s post-Change in Control corporate structure will not be deemed to invalidate an otherwise valid Award
assumption.
16. Deferrals. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may permit a Participant to defer receipt of the payment of cash or the
delivery of Shares that would otherwise be due to such Participant under an Award. Any such deferral elections shall be subject to
such rules and procedures as shall be determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion and, unless otherwise expressly
determined by the Administrator, shall comply with the requirements of Section 409A.
17. Tax.
(a) Withholding Requirements. Prior to the delivery of any Shares or cash pursuant to an Award (or exercise thereof) or
such earlier time as any Tax Obligations are due, the Company will have the power and the right to deduct or withhold, or require a
Participant to remit to the Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy all Tax Obligations.
(b) Withholding Arrangements. The Administrator, in its sole discretion and pursuant to such procedures as it may specify
from time to time, may designate the method or methods by which a Participant may satisfy such Tax Obligations. As determined by
the Administrator in its discretion from time to time, these methods may include one or more of the following (A) paying cash,
(B) having the Company withhold otherwise deliverable cash or Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount required or
permitted by the Administrator to be withheld or remitted, (C) delivering to the Company already-owned Shares having a Fair
Market Value equal to the amount required or permitted by the Administrator to be withheld or remitted, (D) selling a sufficient
number of Shares otherwise deliverable to the Participant through such means as the Administrator may determine in its sole
discretion (whether through a broker or otherwise) equal to the Tax Obligations required or permitted by the Administrator to be
withheld or remitted, (E) retaining from salary or other amounts payable to the Participant cash having a sufficient value to satisfy
the Tax Obligations, or (F) any other means which the Administrator, in its sole discretion, determines to both comply with
Applicable Laws, and to be consistent with the purposes of the Plan. The amount of Tax Obligations will be deemed to include any
amount that the Administrator agrees may be withheld at the time the election is made, not to exceed the amount determined by
using the maximum federal, state or local marginal income tax rates applicable to the Participant or the Company, as applicable, with
respect to the Award on the date that the amount of tax or social insurance liability to be withheld or remitted is to be determined.
The Fair Market Value of the Shares to be withheld or delivered shall be determined as of the date that the Tax Obligations are
required to be withheld.
(c) Compliance with Section 409A. Awards will be designed and operated in such a manner that they are either exempt
from the application of, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A such that the grant, payment, settlement or deferral will
not be subject to the
22

additional tax or interest applicable under Section 409A, except as otherwise determined in the sole discretion of the Administrator.
Each payment or benefit under this Plan and under each Award Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes
of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations. The Plan, each Award and each Award Agreement under the Plan is intended
to be exempt from or otherwise meet the requirements of Section 409A and will be construed and interpreted, including but not
limited to with respect to ambiguities or ambiguous terms, in accordance with such intent, except as otherwise specifically
determined in the sole discretion of the Administrator. To the extent that an Award or payment, or the settlement or deferral thereof,
is subject to Section 409A the Award will be granted, paid, settled or deferred in a manner that will meet the requirements of
Section 409A, such that the grant, payment, settlement or deferral will not be subject to the additional tax or interest applicable
under Section 409A. Notwithstanding any contrary provision of the Plan, in no event will the Company be obligated to pay or
reimburse the Participant (or any permitted transferee) for any tax or other cost under or in connection with Section 409A.
18. No Effect on Employment or Service. Neither the Plan nor any Award will confer upon a Participant any right with respect
to continuing the Participant’s relationship as a Service Provider with the Company, nor will they interfere in any way with the
Participant’s right or the Company’s right to terminate such relationship at any time, with or without cause, to the extent permitted
by Applicable Laws.
19. Date of Grant. The date of grant of an Award will be, for all purposes, the date on which the Administrator makes the
determination granting such Award, or such other later date as is determined by the Administrator. Notice of the determination will
be provided to each Participant within a reasonable time after the date of such grant.
20. Term of Plan. The Plan originally became effective on July 10, 2014 and has been amended and restated by the
Administrator, most recently on March 21, 2024. The Plan will continue in effect until terminated under Section 21 of the Plan.
21. Amendment and Termination of the Plan.
(a) Amendment and Termination. The Administrator may at any time amend, alter, suspend or terminate the Plan.
(b) Stockholder Approval. The Company will obtain stockholder approval of any Plan amendment to the extent that the
Administrator (in its discretion) determines such approval is necessary to comply with Applicable Laws.
(c) Effect of Amendment or Termination. No amendment, alteration, suspension or termination of the Plan will impair the
rights of any Participant, unless mutually agreed otherwise between the Participant and the Administrator, which agreement must be
in writing and signed by the Participant and the Company. Termination of the Plan will not affect the Administrator’s ability to
exercise the powers granted to it hereunder with respect to Awards granted under the Plan prior to the date of such termination.
23

22. Construction. Captions and titles contained herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or
interpretation of any provision of the Plan. Except when otherwise indicated by the context, the singular shall include the plural and
the plural shall include the singular. Use of the term “or” is not intended to be exclusive, unless the context clearly requires
otherwise.
23. Severability. If any one or more of the provisions (or any part thereof) of this Plan shall be held invalid, illegal or
unenforceable in any respect, such provision shall be modified so as to make it valid, legal and enforceable, and the validity, legality
and enforceability of the remaining provisions (or any part thereof) of the Plan shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.
24. Fractional Shares. The Company shall not be required to issue fractional shares upon the exercise or settlement of any
Award.
25. Unfunded Obligation. Participants shall have the status of general unsecured creditors of the Company. Any amounts
payable to Participants pursuant to the Plan shall be unfunded and unsecured obligations for all purposes, including, without
limitation, Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. No Participating Company shall be required to
segregate any monies from its general funds, or to create any trusts, or establish any special accounts with respect to such
obligations. The Company shall retain at all times beneficial ownership of any investments, including trust investments, which the
Company may make to fulfill its payment obligations hereunder. Any investments or the creation or maintenance of any trust or any
Participant account shall not create or constitute a trust or fiduciary relationship between the Administrator or any Participating
Company and a Participant, or otherwise create any vested or beneficial interest in any Participant or the Participant’s creditors in
any assets of any Participating Company. The Participants shall have no claim against any Participating Company for any changes in
the value of any assets which may be invested or reinvested by the Company with respect to the Plan.
26. Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares.
(a) Legal Compliance. The granting of Awards and the issuance and delivery of Shares under the Plan shall be subject to
all Applicable Laws, and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities exchanges as may be required.
Shares will not be issued pursuant to the exercise or vesting of an Award unless the exercise or vesting of such Award and the
issuance and delivery of such Shares will comply with Applicable Laws and will be further subject to the approval of counsel for the
Company with respect to such compliance.
(b) Investment Representations. As a condition to the exercise of an Award, the Company may require the person
exercising such Award to represent and warrant at the time of any such exercise that the Shares are being purchased only for
investment and without any present intention to sell or distribute such Shares if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, such a
representation is required.
27. Inability to Obtain Authority. The inability of the Company to obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction
or to complete or comply with the requirements of any
24

registration or other qualification of the Shares under any state, federal or foreign law or under the rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission, the stock exchange on which Shares of the same class are then listed, or any other
governmental or regulatory body, which authority, registration, qualification or rule compliance is deemed by the Company’s
counsel to be necessary or advisable for the issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder, will relieve the Company of any liability in
respect of the failure to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority, registration, qualification or rule compliance
will not have been obtained. The Company will use its reasonable good faith efforts (as determined by the Administrator) to obtain
any approval, authority, registration, qualification or rule compliance described in this Section 27.
28. Forfeiture Events. The Administrator may specify in an Award Agreement that the Participant’s rights, payments, and
benefits with respect to an Award shall be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture, or recoupment upon the occurrence of certain
specified events, in addition to any otherwise applicable vesting or performance conditions of an Award. Such events may include,
but shall not be limited to, fraud, breach of a fiduciary duty, restatement of financial statements as a result of fraud or willful errors
or omissions, termination of employment for cause, violation of material Company or Subsidiary policies, breach of noncompetition, confidentiality, or other restrictive covenants that may apply to the Participant, or other conduct by the Participant that
is detrimental to the business or reputation of the Company or its Subsidiaries. The Administrator may also require the application of
this Section with respect to any Award previously granted to a Participant even without any specified terms being included in any
applicable Award Agreement to the extent required under Applicable Laws.
25

Exhibit 10.4
Salesforce, Inc.
Salesforce Tower
415 Mission Street, 3 Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105
Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units
and Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Units
(together, with the exhibits and appendices thereto,
the “Agreement”)
NAME:
ADDRESS:
AWARD NUMBER:
PLAN: 2013 Equity Incentive Plan
EMPLOYEE ID:
Grant Date:
Award Type:
Restricted Stock Units
Total Shares Granted:
Vest Commencement Date:
Effective on the grant date indicated above (the “Grant Date”), you have been granted an award of restricted stock units over
the number of shares specified above (the “Award”). These units are restricted until the vest date(s), at which time you will receive
shares of Salesforce, Inc. (the “Company”) common stock.
Vesting Schedule: Subject to any acceleration provisions contained in the Plan:
The Award granted hereunder (including the Vesting Schedule above) is subject to the terms and conditions of any change of
control, offer, retention and/or other agreement entered into between you and the Company (whether entered into before, on or after
the Grant Date).
rd
-1-

By signifying my acceptance below (either by my electronic signature or acceptance or by my written signature), I agree that
the Award is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”) and the
Agreement (including this Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units, the Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Units and any
exhibits or appendices thereto), all of which are attached and made a part of this package. In particular, I acknowledge the data
privacy notice provisions included in paragraph 13 of the Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Units.
I agree to notify the Company upon any change in my residence address indicated above.
By clicking the “ACCEPT” button, you agree to the following: “This electronic contract contains my electronic signature,
which I have executed with the intent to sign this Agreement.”
If you prefer not to electronically sign or accept this Agreement, you may accept this Agreement by signing a paper copy of
the Agreement and delivering it to Global Equity Plan Services Department.
Signature
Date
-2-

SALESFORCE, INC.
RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS
1. Grant. The Company hereby grants to the individual (the “Participant”) named in the Notice of Grant of Restricted
Stock Units (the “Grant Notice”) to which these Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Units (together with the Grant Notice and
attachments to each document, the “Agreement”) are attached, an Award of Restricted Stock Units upon the terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement and the Salesforce, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”), which is incorporated herein by reference.
Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, the Restricted Stock Units include a right to Dividend Equivalents equal to the
value of any cash dividends paid on the Shares for which the record date occurs during the period commencing on the Grant Date
and ending prior to the date the Restricted Stock Units (or portion thereof) are settled. Subject to vesting, each Dividend Equivalent
entitles Participant to receive the equivalent cash value of any cash dividends paid on the number of Shares underlying the Restricted
Stock Units that are outstanding during such period. Dividend Equivalents will be accrued (without interest) and will be subject to
the same conditions as the Restricted Stock Units to which they are attributable, including, without limitation, the vesting conditions
and the provisions governing the timing of settlement of the Restricted Stock Units (or portion thereof). Dividend Equivalents will
be settled in cash or, subject to the approval of the Administrator, in Shares, in either case, subject to withholding of any applicable
Tax-Related Items.
2. Company’s Obligation to Pay. For each Restricted Stock Unit that vests, Participant will receive one Share and, unless
otherwise determined by the Administrator, any accrued Dividend Equivalents with respect to such Share. Unless and until the
Restricted Stock Units have vested in the manner set forth in paragraphs 3 or 4, Participant will have no right to payment of such
Restricted Stock Units or any accrued Dividend Equivalents. Prior to actual payment of any vested Restricted Stock Units, such
Restricted Stock Units will represent an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the general assets of the
Company. Any Restricted Stock Units that vest in accordance with paragraphs 3 or 4 will be paid to Participant (or in the event of
Participant’s death, to his or her estate) in whole Shares, subject to Participant satisfying any obligations for Tax Obligations.
Payment of any vested Restricted Stock Units shall be made in whole Shares only.
3. Vesting Schedule. Except as otherwise provided in paragraph 4 of this Agreement, and subject to paragraph 6, the
Restricted Stock Units awarded by this Agreement shall vest in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Grant Notice,
provided that Participant has continuously remained a Service Provider from the Grant Date through the relevant vesting date.
Notwithstanding anything in this paragraph 3 to the contrary, and except as otherwise provided by the Administrator or as required
by Applicable Law, vesting of the Restricted Stock Units shall be suspended during any unpaid personal leave of absence other than
a Company-approved sabbatical and other than military leave such that vesting shall cease
-3-

on the first (1st) day of any such unpaid personal leave of absence and shall only recommence upon return to active service;
provided, however, that no vesting credit will be awarded for the time vesting has been suspended during such leave of absence.
4. Administrator Discretion. The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the vesting of the balance, or some lesser
portion of the balance, of the unvested Restricted Stock Units at any time, subject to the terms of the Plan. If so accelerated, such
Restricted Stock Units will be considered as having vested as of the date specified by the Administrator. Subject to the provisions of
this paragraph 4, if the Administrator, in its discretion, accelerates the vesting of all or a portion of any unvested Restricted Stock
Units, the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units shall be made as soon as practicable upon or following the accelerated
vesting date; provided, however, that if Participant is subject to a Change of Control and Retention Agreement or other agreement
with or authorized by the Company (or with its Parent or one of its Subsidiaries) providing for acceleration of vesting of the
Restricted Stock Units, in each case entered into prior to the Grant Date, and such agreement provides different timing of payment
for such accelerated Restricted Stock Units, the timing in such agreement shall control (provided that, if Participant is a U.S.
taxpayer, such timing is compliant with Section 409A or results in such accelerated Restricted Stock Units being exempt from
Section 409A, and subject to any delay required below by this paragraph 4; otherwise, this paragraph 4 shall control).
Notwithstanding anything in the Plan, this Agreement or any other agreement (whether entered into before, on or after the Grant
Date) to the contrary, if the Administrator, in its discretion, following the Grant Date provides for the further acceleration of vesting
of any of the Restricted Stock Units subject to this Award, if Participant is a U.S. taxpayer, the payment of such accelerated
Restricted Stock Units may only be made at a time or times that would result in such Restricted Stock Units to be exempt from or
complying with the requirements of Section 409A. The prior sentence may be superseded in a future agreement or amendment to
this Agreement only by direct and specific reference to such sentence.
Notwithstanding anything in the Plan, this Agreement or any other agreement (whether entered into before, on or after the
Grant Date) to the contrary, if the vesting of the balance, or some lesser portion of the balance, of the Restricted Stock Units is
accelerated in connection with Participant’s termination as a Service Provider (provided that such termination is a “separation from
service” within the meaning of Section 409A, as determined by the Company), other than due to death, and if (x) Participant is a
U.S. taxpayer and a “specified employee” within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of such termination as a Service Provider
and (y) the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units will result in the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A if
paid to Participant on or within the six (6) month period following Participant’s termination as a Service Provider, then the payment
of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units will not be made until the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of
Participant’s termination as a Service Provider, unless Participant dies following his or her termination as a Service Provider, in
which case, the Restricted Stock Units will be paid in Shares to Participant’s estate as soon as practicable following his or her death.
It is the intent of this Agreement that it and all payments and benefits to U.S. taxpayers hereunder be exempt from, or comply with,
the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the Restricted Stock Units provided under this Agreement or Shares (or cash
pursuant to the Dividend Equivalents)
-4-

issuable thereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted
to be so exempt or so comply. Each payment payable to a U.S. taxpayer under this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate
payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). For purposes of this Agreement, “Section 409A” means
Section 409A of the Code, and any final Treasury Regulations and Internal Revenue Service guidance thereunder, as each may be
amended from time to time.
5. Payment after Vesting. The payment of Shares (including any related Dividend Equivalents) vesting pursuant to this
Agreement shall in all cases be made at a time or in a manner that is exempt from, or complies with, Section 409A, unless otherwise
determined by the Administrator. The prior sentence may be superseded in a future agreement or amendment to this Agreement only
by direct and specific reference to such sentence. Any Restricted Stock Units that vest in accordance with paragraph 3 will be paid to
Participant (or in the event of Participant’s death, to his or her estate) as soon as practicable following the date of vesting, subject to
paragraph 8. Any Restricted Stock Units that vest in accordance with paragraph 4 will be paid to Participant (or in the event of
Participant’s death, to his or her estate) in accordance with the provisions of such paragraph, subject to paragraph 8. In no event will
Participant be permitted, directly or indirectly, to specify the taxable year of the payment of any Restricted Stock Units payable
under this Agreement.
6. Forfeiture upon Termination of Status as a Service Provider. Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Agreement,
the balance of the Restricted Stock Units that have not vested as of the time of Participant’s termination as a Service Provider for any
or no reason will be forfeited and automatically transferred to and reacquired by the Company at no cost to the Company, and
Participant’s right to acquire any Shares (or cash pursuant to the Dividend Equivalents) hereunder will immediately terminate. The
date of Participant’s termination as a Service Provider is detailed in paragraph 11(h).
7. Death of Participant. Any distribution or delivery to be made to Participant under this Agreement will, if Participant is
then deceased, be made to the administrator or executor of Participant’s estate. Any such administrator or executor must furnish the
Company with (a) written notice of his or her status as transferee, and (b) evidence satisfactory to the Company to establish the
validity of the transfer and compliance with any laws or regulations pertaining to said transfer.
8. Tax Obligations.
(a) Responsibility for Taxes. Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if
different, the Participating Company employing or retaining Participant (the “Employer”), the ultimate liability
for Tax Obligations is and remains Participant’s responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually
withheld by the Company or the Employer. Participant further acknowledges that the Company and/or the
Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax Obligations in
connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units or any related Dividend Equivalents, including, but not
limited to, the grant, vesting
-5-

or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, payment of any Dividend Equivalents, the subsequent sale of Shares
acquired pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any dividends or other distributions, and (ii) do not commit
to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to
reduce or eliminate Participant’s liability for Tax Obligations or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if
Participant is subject to Tax Obligations in more than one jurisdiction, Participant acknowledges that the
Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for
Tax Obligations in more than one jurisdiction. If Participant fails to make satisfactory arrangements for the
payment of any required Tax Obligations hereunder at the time of the applicable taxable event, Participant
acknowledges and agrees that the Company may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares, Dividend Equivalents or the
proceeds of the sale of Shares.
(b) Withholding of Taxes. Prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Participant agrees to
make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company or the Employer to satisfy all Tax Obligations. In this
regard, Participant authorizes the Company and the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to
satisfy their withholding obligations with regard to all Tax Obligations, if any, by withholding from proceeds of
the sale of Shares acquired at vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, either through a voluntary sale or through a
mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on Participant’s behalf pursuant to this authorization) without further
consent. Alternatively, the Company and the Employer, or their respective agents, in their sole discretion and
pursuant to such procedures as they may specify from time to time, may satisfy their withholding obligations with
regard to all Tax Obligations, if any, in whole or in part (without limitation) by (i) requiring Participant to deliver
cash or a check to the Company or the Employer, (ii) withholding from Participant’s wages or other cash
compensation paid to Participant by the Company or the Employer, or (iii) reducing the number of Shares or
amount of Dividend Equivalents otherwise deliverable to Participant; provided, however, that if Participant is a
Section 16 officer of the Company under the Exchange Act, then the Company will withhold from any cash
Dividend Equivalents and from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired at vesting of the Restricted Stock Units,
unless the use of such withholding method is inadvisable under Applicable Laws or has materially adverse
accounting consequences, in which case, the withholding obligation for Tax Obligations, if any, may be satisfied
by one or a combination of methods (i) and (ii) above. For avoidance of doubt, if Participant is a non-U.S.
employee, payment of Tax Obligations may not be effectuated by surrender of other Shares with a Fair Market
Value equal to the amount of any Tax Obligations. Further, depending on the withholding method, the Company
or the Employer may withhold or account for Tax Obligations by considering statutory or other withholding rates,
including minimum or maximum rates applicable in
-6-

Participant’s jurisdiction(s). In the event of over-withholding, Participant may receive a refund from the Company
of any over-withheld amount in cash (with no entitlement to the equivalent in Common Stock), or if not refunded
by the Company, Participant must seek a refund from the local tax authorities to the extent Participant wishes to
recover the over-withheld amount in the form of a refund); provided, however, that where the application of such
maximum rates would, in the Company’s determination, result in adverse accounting consequences to the
Company, the Company shall withhold only amounts sufficient to meet the minimum statutory Tax Obligations
required to be withheld or remitted with respect to the Restricted Stock Units.
9. Rights as Stockholder. Neither Participant nor any person claiming under or through Participant will have any of the
rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until certificates
representing such Shares (which may be in book entry form) will have been issued, recorded on the records of the Company or its
transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to Participant (including through electronic delivery to a brokerage account). After such
issuance, recordation and delivery, Participant will have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to voting such
Shares and receipt of dividends and distributions on such Shares.
10. No Guarantee of Continued Service. PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE
VESTING OF THE RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED
ONLY BY CONTINUING AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY (OR THE EMPLOYER) AND
NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS AWARD OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS
OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER. PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS
AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET
FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT
AS A SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND WILL NOT
INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH ANY RIGHT OF PARTICIPANT OR OF THE COMPANY (OR THE EMPLOYER) TO
TERMINATE PARTICIPANT’S RELATIONSHIP AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT
CAUSE.
11. Nature of Grant. In accepting the grant, Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that:
(a) the grant of the Restricted Stock Units is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any
contractual or other right to receive future grants of Restricted Stock Units, or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock
Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted in the past;
(b) all decisions with respect to future Restricted Stock Units or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of
the Company;
-7-

(c) Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan;
(d) the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units, and the income from and value of
same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation;
(e) unless otherwise agreed with the Company, the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted
Stock Units, and the income from and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with,
the service Participant may provide as a director of a Subsidiary or an Affiliate;
(f) the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units, and the income from and value of
same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation,
termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, holiday pay, bonuses, long-service awards, pension
or retirement or welfare benefits or similar mandatory payments;
(g) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted;
(h) for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units, Participant’s status as a Service Provider will be considered terminated
as of the date Participant is no longer actively providing services to the Company or any Participating Company
(regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later to be found invalid or in breach of
employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of Participant’s
employment or service agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement (including
by reference in the Notice of Grant to other arrangements or contracts) or determined by the Administrator,
Participant’s right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date and
will not be extended by any notice period (e.g., Participant’s period of service would not include any contractual
notice period or any period of “garden leave” or similar period mandated under employment laws in the
jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of Participant’s employment or service
agreement, if any, unless Participant is providing bona fide services during such time); the Administrator shall
have the exclusive discretion to determine when Participant is no longer actively providing services for purposes
of the Restricted Stock Units grant (including whether Participant may still be considered to be providing services
while on a leave of absence);
(i) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the Restricted Stock Units and the
benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Restricted Stock Units or any such
benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor be exchanged, cashed out
-8-

or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Shares; and
(j) the following provisions apply only if Participant is providing services outside the United States:
i. the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are not part of normal
or expected compensation or salary for any purpose;
ii. none of the Company, the Employer or any other Participating Company shall be liable for any foreign
exchange rate fluctuation between Participant’s local currency and the United States Dollar that may
affect the value of the Restricted Stock Units or of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the
settlement of the Restricted Stock Units and any related Dividend Equivalents or the subsequent sale
of any Shares acquired upon settlement; and
iii. no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock
Units resulting from the termination of Participant’s status as a Service Provider (for any reason
whatsoever whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction
where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of Participant’s employment or service agreement,
if any).
12. No Advice Regarding Grant. The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company
making any recommendations regarding Participant’s participation in the Plan, or Participant’s acquisition or sale of the underlying
Shares. Participant understands that there may be adverse tax consequences as a result of Participant’s participation in the Plan,
including the receipt or disposition of the Shares issued as payment for the vested Restricted Stock Units. Participant acknowledges
that he or she should consult with a tax, legal or financial consultant, that he or she has had the opportunity to consult with any such
consultants that Participant deems advisable in connection with the receipt or disposition of the Shares, and that Participant is not
relying on the Company for any tax advice.
13. Data Privacy Notice. Participant hereby acknowledges that the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other
form, of Participant’s personal data as described in this Agreement and any other Restricted Stock Unit grant materials by and
among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and any Participating Company, is necessary for the exclusive purpose of
implementing, administering and managing Participant’s participation in the Plan.
Participant understands that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about Participant,
including, but not limited to, Participant’s name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social
insurance, passport or other identification number (e.g., resident registration number), salary, nationality, job title,
-9-

any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded,
canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant’s favor (“Data”), for the exclusive purpose of implementing,
administering and managing the Plan.
Participant understands that Data will be transferred to E*Trade from Morgan Stanley and its related companies
(“E*TRADE”) or any stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the
Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Participant understands that the recipients of
the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients’ country of operation (e.g., the United States)
may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participant’s country. Participant understands that if he or she resides
outside the United States, he or she may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by
contacting his or her local human resources representative. The Company, E*TRADE, any stock plan service provider selected
by the Company and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing,
administering and managing the Plan may receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the
sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing his or her participation in the Plan. Participant understands that
Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage Participant’s participation in the Plan.
Participant understands if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may, at any time, view Data, request additional
information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or make any other applicable
data subject requests, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing his or her local human resources representative. For
more information, Participant may contact his or her local human resources representative.
14. Address for Notices. Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms of this Agreement will be addressed to the
Company, in care of Global Equity Plan Services Department, at Salesforce, Inc., Salesforce Tower, 415 Mission Street, 3 Floor,
San Francisco, CA 94105, or at such other address as the Company may hereafter designate in writing.
15. Grant is Not Transferable. Except to the limited extent provided in paragraph 7 above, this grant of Restricted Stock
Units and the rights and privileges conferred hereby will not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred or disposed of in
any way (whether by operation of law or otherwise) and will not be subject to sale under execution, attachment or similar process,
until Participant has been issued the Shares. Upon any attempt to sell, pledge, assign, hypothecate, transfer or otherwise dispose of
this grant, or any right or privilege conferred hereby, or upon any attempted sale under any execution, attachment or similar process,
this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby immediately will become null and void.
16. Compensation Clawback or Recovery Policy. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, as an
additional condition of receiving the Restricted Stock Units, Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Administrator (or the
Board or a committee of the Board, as determined by the Board), in its sole discretion, may require Participant to forfeit,
rd
-10-

return or reimburse to the Company all or a portion of his or her Restricted Stock Units and any Shares or amounts paid thereunder
(including any dividends or Dividend Equivalents), in order to satisfy a recoupment obligation or requirement under the Company’s
Executive Officer Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy, as it may be amended from time to time, or pursuant to the terms of any
other then-effective Company compensation clawback or recovery policy, as may be established or amended from time to time, to
the extent such policies are applicable to Participant.
17. Restrictions on Sale of Securities. Any sale of the Shares issued under this Agreement will be subject to any market
blackout-period that may be imposed by the Company and must comply with the Company’s insider trading policies, and any other
Applicable Laws.
18. Binding Agreement. Subject to the limitation on the transferability of this grant contained herein, this Agreement will
be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto.
19. Additional Conditions to Issuance of Certificates for Shares. If at any time the Company will determine, in its
discretion, that the listing, registration, qualification or rule compliance of the Shares upon any securities exchange or under any
state, federal or foreign law, the tax code and related regulations or under the rulings or regulations of the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory body or the clearance, consent or approval of the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory authority is necessary or desirable as a condition to the
issuance of Shares to Participant (or his or her estate) hereunder, such issuance will not occur unless and until such listing,
registration, qualification, rule compliance, clearance, consent or approval will have been completed, effected or obtained free of any
conditions not acceptable to the Company. Subject to the terms of the Agreement and the Plan, the Company shall not be required to
issue any certificate or certificates for Shares hereunder prior to the lapse of such reasonable period of time following the date of
vesting of the Restricted Stock Units as the Administrator may establish from time to time for reasons of administrative convenience.
20. Plan Governs. This Agreement and the Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder are subject to all the terms and
provisions of the Plan. In the event of a conflict between one or more provisions of this Agreement and one or more provisions of the
Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. Capitalized terms used and not defined in this Agreement will have the meaning set
forth in the Plan.
21. Administrator Authority. The Administrator will have the power to interpret the Plan and this Agreement and to adopt
such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any
such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether or not any Restricted Stock Units have vested). All actions
taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Administrator in good faith will be final and binding upon Participant,
the Company and all other interested persons. No member of the Administrator will be personally liable for any action,
determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or this Agreement.
-11-

22. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related
to Restricted Stock Units awarded under the Plan or future Restricted Stock Units that may be awarded under the Plan by electronic
means or request Participant’s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. Participant hereby consents to receive such
documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through any on-line or electronic system established and
maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. To the extent Participant executes the Notice of Restricted
Stock Unit Grant by electronic means, Participant should retain a copy of his or her returned electronically signed Agreement.
Participant may obtain a paper copy at any time and at the Company’s expense by requesting one from Global Equity Plan Services
Department (see paragraph 14 of these Terms and Conditions).
23. English Language Consent. By accepting the Award of Restricted Stock Units, Participant acknowledges and represents
that he or she is proficient in the English language or has consulted with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in English as to
allow Participant to understand the terms of this Agreement and any other documents related to the Plan. If Participant has received
this Agreement or any other documents related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of
translated version is different from the English version, the English version shall control.
24. Captions. Captions provided herein are for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or
construction of this Agreement.
25. Agreement Severable. In the event that any provision in this Agreement will be held invalid or unenforceable, such
provision will be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining
provisions of this Agreement.
26. Governing Law and Venue. This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the
state of California without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises
under this Award of Restricted Stock Units or this Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State
of California, and agree that such litigation will be conducted in the courts of San Francisco County, California, or the federal courts
for the United States for the Northern District of California, and no other courts, where this Award of Restricted Stock Units is made
and/or to be performed.
27. Modifications to the Agreement. Participant expressly warrants that he or she is not accepting this Agreement in
reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained herein. Modifications to this Agreement can be
made only in an express written contract executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in the Plan or this Agreement, the Company reserves the right to amend this Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable,
in its sole discretion and without the consent of Participant, to comply with Section 409A of the Code or to otherwise avoid
imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Section 409A of the Code prior to the actual payment
-12-

of Shares pursuant to this Award of Restricted Stock Units, or if necessary to comply with any applicable laws in the jurisdiction in
which Participant resides and/or is rendering services.
28. Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan. By accepting this Award, Participant expressly warrants that he or
she has received an Award of Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, and that he or she has received, read and understood a
description of the Plan. Participant understands that the Plan is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or
terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan.
29. Waiver. Participant acknowledges that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not
operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by Participant or any other
Participant.
30. Country Addendum. Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Restricted Stock Unit grant shall be subject
to any special terms and conditions set forth in any appendix to this Agreement for Participant’s country (the “Country Addendum”).
Moreover, if Participant relocates to one of the countries included in the Country Addendum, the special terms and conditions for
such country will apply to Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is
necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Country Addendum constitutes part of this Agreement.
31. Insider Trading and Market Abuse Laws. Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse
laws based on the exchange on which the Shares are listed and in applicable jurisdictions, including the United States, Participant’s
country and any stock plan service provider’s country, which may affect Participant’s ability to acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of
Shares, rights to Shares (e.g., Restricted Stock Units) or rights linked to the value of Shares during such times as Participant is
considered to have material non-public information or “inside information” regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in
applicable jurisdictions). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders Participant
placed before he or she possessed inside information. Furthermore, Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside
information to any third party, including fellow employees (other than on a “need to know” basis), and (ii) “tipping” third parties or
causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to
any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. Participant acknowledges that it is his or
her responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and Participant should speak to his or her personal advisor on this
matter.
32. Foreign Asset or Account and Exchange Control Reporting. Participant’s country may have certain exchange controls
and foreign asset or account reporting requirements that may affect his or her ability to purchase or hold Shares under the Plan or
receive cash from his or her participation in the Plan (including from any dividends or Dividend Equivalents received or sale
proceeds arising from the sale of Shares) in a brokerage or bank account outside Participant’s country. Participant may be required to
report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax or other authorities in his or her country. Further, Participant may be required to
repatriate proceeds acquired as a result of participating in the Plan to his or her country through a designated bank or broker or
within a certain time. Participant acknowledges and agrees that it is his or her
-13-

responsibility to be compliant with such regulations and understands that Participant should speak with his or her personal legal
advisor for any details regarding any foreign asset or account reporting or exchange control reporting requirements in Participant’s
country arising out of his or her participation in the Plan.
-14-

Salesforce, Inc.
ID: 94-3320693
Salesforce Tower
415 Mission Street, 3 Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105
Notice of Grant of Performance-Based Restricted
Stock Units and Terms and Conditions of PerformanceBased Restricted Stock Units (together, with the exhibits
and appendices thereto, the “Agreement”)
NAME:
ADDRESS:
AWARD NUMBER:
PLAN: 2013 Equity Incentive Plan
EMPLOYEE ID:
Grant Date:
Total Target Number of
Performance-Based Restricted Stock
Units (“Target”):
Effective on the grant date indicated above (the “Grant Date”), you have been granted an award of performance-based
restricted stock units (the “Award”). This Award covers the Target number of shares of Salesforce, Inc. (the “Company”) common
stock shown above.
Vesting Schedule:
The performance-based restricted stock units (“PRSUs”) covered by this Award are eligible to vest in accordance with the
performance-based and service-based conditions described in Exhibit A.
By signifying my acceptance below (either by my electronic signature or acceptance or by my written signature), I agree that
the Award is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”) and the
Agreement (including this
rd
-1-

Notice of Grant of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units, the Terms and Conditions of Performance-Based Restricted Stock
Units, Exhibit A and any other exhibits or appendices to the Agreement), all of which are attached and made a part of this package.
PRSUs also are known as Restricted Stock Units under the Plan. In particular, I acknowledge the data privacy notice provisions
included in paragraph 13 of the Terms and Conditions of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units.
I understand that there may be adverse tax consequences as a result of my receipt or disposition of the Shares issued as
payment for the vested PRSUs. The Company has urged me to consult with a tax consultant, I have had the opportunity to consult
with any tax consultants that I deem advisable in connection with the receipt or disposition of the Shares, and I am not relying on the
Company for any tax advice. I agree to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator
upon any questions relating to the Plan and this Agreement. I agree to notify the Company upon any change in the residence address
indicated for me above.
By clicking the “ACCEPT” button, you agree to the following: “This electronic contract contains my electronic
signature, which I have executed with the intent to sign this Agreement.”
If you prefer not to electronically sign or accept this Agreement, you may accept this Agreement by signing a paper copy of
the Agreement and delivering it to Global Equity Plan Services Department.
Signature
Date
-2-

SALESFORCE, INC.
PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS
1. Grant. The Company hereby grants to the individual (the “Participant”) named in the Notice of Grant of PerformanceBased Restricted Stock Units (the “Grant Notice”) to which these Terms and Conditions of Performance-Based Restricted Stock
Units (together with the Grant Notice and attachments to each document, the “Agreement”) are attached, an Award of PerformanceBased Restricted Stock Units upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and the Salesforce, Inc. 2013 Equity
Incentive Plan (the “Plan”), which is incorporated herein by reference.
2. Company’s Obligation to Pay. For each PRSU that vests, Participant will receive one Share. Unless and until the PRSUs
have vested in the manner set forth in paragraphs 3 or 4, Participant will have no right to payment of such PRSUs. Prior to actual
payment of any vested PRSUs, such PRSUs will represent an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the
general assets of the Company. Any PRSUs that vest in accordance with paragraphs 3 or 4 will be paid to Participant (or in the event
of Participant’s death, to his or her estate) in whole Shares only (subject to any adjustment that may be made in the event of a
Change of Control), subject to Participant satisfying any obligations for Tax Obligations.
3. Vesting Schedule. Except as otherwise provided in paragraph 4 of this Agreement, and subject to paragraph 6, the PRSUs
awarded by this Agreement shall vest in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in Exhibit A; provided, that, Participant
has continuously remained an Employee from the Grant Date through the relevant vesting date. Notwithstanding anything in this
paragraph 3 to the contrary, and except as otherwise provided by the Administrator or as required by Applicable Law, satisfaction of
the service-based vesting criteria set forth in Exhibit A shall be suspended during any unpaid personal leave of absence other than a
Company-approved sabbatical and other than military leave such that vesting shall cease on the first day of any such unpaid personal
leave of absence and shall only recommence
-3-

upon return to active service; provided, however, that no vesting credit will be awarded for the time vesting has been suspended
during such leave of absence.
4. Administrator Discretion. The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the vesting of the balance, or some lesser
portion of the balance, of any Eligible PRSUs (as defined in Exhibit A) at any time, subject to the terms of the Plan. If so
accelerated, such Eligible PRSUs will be considered as having vested as of the date specified by the Administrator. Subject to the
provisions of this paragraph 4, if the Administrator, in its discretion, accelerates the vesting of all or a portion of any unvested
Eligible PRSUs, the payment of such accelerated PRSUs shall be made as soon as practicable upon or following the accelerated
vesting date; provided, however, that if Participant is subject to a Change of Control and Retention Agreement or other agreement
with or authorized by the Company (or with its Parent or one of its Subsidiaries) providing for acceleration of vesting of the PRSUs
covered by this Award, the timing of payment for such accelerated PRSUs provided in such agreement shall control (provided, that,
if Participant is a U.S. taxpayer, such timing is compliant with Section 409A or results in such accelerated PRSUs being exempt
from Section 409A, and subject to any delay required below by this paragraph 4). Notwithstanding anything in the Plan, this
Agreement or any other agreement (whether entered into before, on or after the Grant Date) to the contrary, if the Administrator, in
its discretion, following the Grant Date provides for the acceleration of vesting of any of the PRSUs subject to this Award, if
Participant is a U.S. taxpayer, the payment of such accelerated PRSUs shall only be made at a time or times when such payment is
exempt from or complying with the requirements of Section 409A. The prior sentence may be superseded in a future agreement or
amendment to this Agreement only by direct and specific reference to such sentence.
Notwithstanding anything in the Plan, this Agreement or any other agreement (whether entered into before, on or after the
Grant Date) to the contrary, if the vesting of the balance, or some lesser portion of the balance, of the PRSUs is accelerated in
connection with Participant’s termination as an Employee (provided, that, such termination is a “separation from service” within the
meaning of Section 409A, as determined by the Company), other than due to death, and if (x) Participant is a U.S. taxpayer and a
“specified employee” within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of such termination as an Employee and (y) the payment of
such accelerated PRSUs will result in the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A if paid to
-4-

Participant on or within the six (6) month period following Participant’s termination as an Employee, then the payment of such
accelerated PRSUs will not be made until the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of Participant’s termination as
an Employee, unless Participant dies following his or her termination as an Employee, in which case, the PRSUs will be paid in
Shares to Participant’s estate as soon as practicable following his or her death. It is the intent of this Agreement that it and all
payments and benefits to U.S. taxpayers hereunder be exempt from, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A so that none
of the PRSUs provided under this Agreement or Shares issuable thereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under
Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to be so exempt or so comply. Each payment payable to a U.S. taxpayer
under this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). For
purposes of this Agreement, “Section 409A” means Section 409A of the Code, and any final Treasury Regulations and Internal
Revenue Service guidance thereunder, as each may be amended from time to time.
5. Payment after Vesting. The payment of Shares vesting pursuant to this Agreement shall in all cases be made at a time or
in a manner that is exempt from, or complies with, Section 409A. The prior sentence may be superseded in a future agreement or
amendment to this Agreement only by direct and specific reference to such sentence. Any PRSUs that vest in accordance with
paragraph 3 will be paid to Participant (or in the event of Participant’s death, to his or her estate) as soon as practicable following the
date of vesting, subject to paragraph 8. Any PRSUs that vest in accordance with paragraph 4 will be paid to Participant (or in the
event of Participant’s death, to his or her estate) in accordance with the provisions of such paragraph, subject to paragraph 8. In no
event will Participant be permitted, directly or indirectly, to specify the taxable year of the payment of any PRSUs payable under this
Agreement.
6. Forfeiture upon Termination of Status as an Employee. Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Agreement,
except as specifically provided in Exhibit A, the balance of the PRSUs that have not vested as of the time of Participant’s termination
as an Employee for any or no reason will be forfeited and automatically transferred to and reacquired by the Company at no cost to
the Company, and Participant’s right to acquire any such unvested Shares hereunder will immediately terminate. The date of
Participant’s termination as an Employee is detailed in paragraph 11(h).
-5-

7. Death of Participant. Any distribution or delivery to be made to Participant under this Agreement will, if Participant is
then deceased, be made to the administrator or executor of Participant’s estate. Any such administrator or executor must furnish the
Company with (a) written notice of his or her status as transferee, and (b) evidence satisfactory to the Company to establish the
validity of the transfer and compliance with any laws or regulations pertaining to said transfer.
8. Tax Obligations.
(a) Responsibility for Taxes. Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if
different, the Participating Company employing or retaining Participant (the “Employer”), the ultimate liability for Tax Obligations
is and remains Participant’s responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company or the Employer.
Participant further acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the
treatment of any Tax Obligations in connection with any aspect of the PRSUs, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or
settlement of the PRSUs, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any dividends or
other distributions, and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the
PRSUs to reduce or eliminate Participant’s liability for Tax Obligations or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if Participant is
subject to Tax Obligations in more than one jurisdiction, Participant acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (or former
employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax Obligations in more than one jurisdiction. If Participant
fails to make satisfactory arrangements for the payment of any required Tax Obligations hereunder at the time of the applicable
taxable event, Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the
sale of Shares.
(b) Withholding of Taxes. Prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Participant agrees to
make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company or the Employer to satisfy all Tax Obligations. In this regard, Participant
authorizes the Company and the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy their withholding obligations with
regard to all Tax Obligations, if any, by withholding from proceeds
-6-

of the sale of Shares acquired at vesting of the PRSUs, either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the
Company (on Participant’s behalf pursuant to this authorization) without further consent. Alternatively, the Company and the
Employer, or their respective agents, in their sole discretion and pursuant to such procedures as they may specify from time to time,
may satisfy their withholding obligations with regard to all Tax Obligations, if any, in whole or in part (without limitation) by (i)
requiring Participant to deliver cash or a check to the Company or the Employer, (ii) withholding from Participant’s wages or other
cash compensation paid to Participant by the Company or the Employer, or (iii) reducing the number of Shares otherwise deliverable
to Participant; provided, however, that if Participant is a Section 16 officer of the Company under the Exchange Act, then the
Company will withhold from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired at vesting of the PRSUs, unless the use of such withholding
method is inadvisable under Applicable Laws or has materially adverse accounting consequences, in which case, the withholding
obligation for Tax Obligations, if any, may be satisfied by one or a combination of methods (i) and (ii) above. For avoidance of
doubt, if Participant is a non-U.S. employee, payment of Tax Obligations may not be effectuated by surrender of other Shares with a
Fair Market Value equal to the amount of any Tax Obligations. Further, depending on the withholding method, the Company or the
Employer may withhold or account for Tax Obligations by considering statutory or other withholding rates, including minimum or
maximum rates applicable in Participant’s jurisdiction(s). In the event of over-withholding, Participant may receive a refund from
the Company of any over-withheld amount in cash (with no entitlement to the equivalent in Common Stock), or if not refunded by
the Company, Participant must seek a refund from the local tax authorities to the extent Participant wishes to recover the overwithheld amount in the form of a refund); provided, however, that where the application of such maximum rates would, in the
Company’s determination, result in adverse accounting consequences to the Company, the Company shall withhold only amounts
sufficient to meet the minimum statutory Tax Obligations required to be withheld or remitted with respect to the PRSUs.
9. Rights as Stockholder. Neither Participant nor any person claiming under or through Participant will have any of the
rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until certificates
representing such Shares (which may be in book entry form) will have been issued, recorded on the records of the Company or its
transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to Participant (including through
-7-

electronic delivery to a brokerage account). After such issuance, recordation and delivery, Participant will have all the rights of a
stockholder of the Company with respect to voting such Shares and receipt of dividends and distributions on such Shares.
10. No Guarantee of Continued Service. PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE
SERVICE-BASED VESTING CONDITION OF THE PRSUs WILL BE SATISFIED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS AN
EMPLOYEE AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY (OR THE EMPLOYER) AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING
HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS AWARD OF PRSUs OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER. PARTICIPANT
FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING CRITERIA SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS AN EMPLOYEE FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY
PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND WILL NOT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH ANY RIGHT OF PARTICIPANT OR OF THE
COMPANY (OR THE EMPLOYER) TO TERMINATE PARTICIPANT’S RELATIONSHIP AS AN EMPLOYEE AT ANY
TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE.
11. Nature of Grant. In accepting the grant, Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that:
(a) the grant of the PRSUs is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other
right to receive future grants of PRSUs, or benefits in lieu of PRSUs, even if PRSUs have been granted in the past;
(b) all decisions with respect to future PRSUs or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company;
(c) Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan;
(d) the PRSUs and the Shares subject to the PRSUs, and the income from and value of same, are not intended to
replace any pension rights or compensation;
-8-

(e) unless otherwise agreed with the Company, the PRSUs and the Shares subject to the PRSUs, and the income
from and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service Participant may provide as a director
of a Subsidiary or an Affiliate;
(f) the PRSUs and the Shares subject to the PRSUs, and the income from and value of same, are not part of normal
or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service
payments, holiday pay, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar mandatory payments;
(g) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted;
(h) for purposes of the PRSUs, Participant’s status as an Employee will be considered terminated as of the date
Participant is no longer actively providing services to the Company or any Participating Company (regardless of the reason for such
termination and whether or not later to be found invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is an
Employee or the terms of Participant’s employment or service agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this
Agreement (including by reference in the Notice of Grant to other arrangements or contracts) or determined by the Administrator,
Participant’s right to vest in the PRSUs under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice
period (e.g., Participant’s period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of “garden leave” or
similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is an Employee or the terms of Participant’s
employment or service agreement, if any, unless Participant is providing bona fide services during such time), the Administrator
shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when Participant is no longer actively providing services for purposes of the PRSUs
grant (including whether Participant may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence);
(i) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the PRSUs and the benefits evidenced
by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the PRSUs or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another
company nor be
-9-

exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Shares; and
(j) the following provisions apply only if Participant is providing services outside the United States:
i. the PRSUs and the Shares subject to the PRSUs are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary
for any purpose;
ii. none of the Company, the Employer or any other Participating Company shall be liable for any foreign
exchange rate fluctuation between Participant’s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the PRSUs
or of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the settlement of the PRSUs or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon
settlement; and
iii. no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the PRSUs resulting
from the termination of Participant’s status as an Employee (for any reason whatsoever whether or not later found to be invalid or in
breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is an Employee or the terms of Participant’s employment or service
agreement, if any).
12. No Advice Regarding Grant. The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company
making any recommendations regarding Participant’s participation in the Plan, or Participant’s acquisition or sale of the underlying
Shares. Participant understands that there may be adverse tax consequences as a result of Participant’s participation in the Plan,
including the receipt or disposition of the Shares issued as payment for the vested PRSUs. Participant acknowledges that he or she
should consult with a tax, legal or financial consultant, that he or she has had the opportunity to consult with any such consultants
that Participant deems advisable in connection with the receipt or disposition of the Shares, and that Participant is not relying on the
Company for any tax advice.
13. Data Privacy Notice. Participant hereby acknowledges that the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other
form, of Participant’s personal data as described in this Agreement and any other PRSU grant materials by and among, as
applicable, the Employer,
-10-

the Company and any Participating Company, is necessary for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and
managing Participant’s participation in the Plan.
Participant understands that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about Participant,
including, but not limited to, Participant’s name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social
insurance, passport or other identification number (e.g., resident registration number), salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or
directorships held in the Company, details of all PRSUs or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested,
unvested or outstanding in Participant’s favor (“Data”), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing
the Plan.
Participant understands that Data will be transferred to E*Trade from Morgan Stanley and its related companies
(“E*TRADE”) or any stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the
Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Participant understands that the recipients of
the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients’ country of operation (e.g., the United States)
may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participant’s country. Participant understands that if he or she resides
outside the United States, he or she may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by
contacting his or her local human resources representative. The Company, E*TRADE, any stock plan service provider selected
by the Company and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing,
administering and managing the Plan may receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the
sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing his or her participation in the Plan. Participant understands that
Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage Participant’s participation in the Plan.
Participant understands if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may, at any time, view Data, request additional
information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or make any other applicable
data subject requests, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing his or her local human resources representative. For
more information, Participant may contact his or her local human resources representative.
-11-

14. Address for Notices. Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms of this Agreement will be addressed to the
Company, in care of Global Equity Plan Services Department, at Salesforce, Inc., Salesforce Tower, 415 Mission Street, 3 Floor,
San Francisco, CA 94105, or at such other address as the Company may hereafter designate in writing.
15. Grant is Not Transferable. Except to the limited extent provided in paragraph 7 above, this grant of PRSUs and the
rights and privileges conferred hereby will not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred or disposed of in any way
(whether by operation of law or otherwise) and will not be subject to sale under execution, attachment or similar process, until
Participant has been issued the Shares. Upon any attempt to sell, pledge, assign, hypothecate, transfer or otherwise dispose of this
grant, or any right or privilege conferred hereby, or upon any attempted sale under any execution, attachment or similar process, this
grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby immediately will become null and void.
16. Restrictions on Sale of Securities. Any sale of the Shares issued under this Agreement will be subject to any market
blackout-period that may be imposed by the Company and must comply with the Company’s insider trading policies, and any other
Applicable Laws.
17. Binding Agreement. Subject to the limitation on the transferability of this grant contained herein, this Agreement will
be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto.
18. Additional Conditions to Issuance of Certificates for Shares. If at any time the Company will determine, in its
discretion, that the listing, registration, qualification or rule compliance of the Shares upon any securities exchange or under any
state, federal or foreign law, the tax code and related regulations or under the rulings or regulations of the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory body or the clearance, consent or approval of the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory authority is necessary or desirable as a condition to the
issuance of Shares to Participant (or his or her estate) hereunder, such issuance will not occur unless and until such listing,
registration, qualification, rule compliance, clearance, consent or approval will have been completed, effected or obtained free of any
conditions not acceptable to the Company. Subject to the terms of the Agreement and the Plan, the Company shall not be required to
issue any certificate or certificates for Shares hereunder prior to the lapse of such reasonable period of
rd
-12-

time following the date of vesting of the PRSUs as the Administrator may establish from time to time for reasons of administrative
convenience.
19. Plan Governs. This Agreement and the PRSUs granted hereunder are subject to all the terms and provisions of the Plan.
In the event of a conflict between one or more provisions of this Agreement and one or more provisions of the Plan, the provisions of
the Plan will govern. Capitalized terms used and not defined in this Agreement will have the meaning set forth in the Plan.
20. Administrator Authority. The Administrator will have the power to interpret the Plan and this Agreement and to adopt
such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any
such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether or not any PRSUs have vested). All actions taken and all
interpretations and determinations made by the Administrator in good faith will be final and binding upon Participant, the Company
and all other interested persons. No member of the Administrator will be personally liable for any action, determination or
interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or this Agreement.
21. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related
to PRSUs awarded under the Plan or future PRSUs that may be awarded under the Plan by electronic means or request Participant’s
consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery
and agrees to participate in the Plan through any on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third
party designated by the Company.
22. English Language Consent. By accepting this Award of PRSUs, Participant acknowledges and represents that he or she
is proficient in the English language or has consulted with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in English as to allow Participant
to understand the terms of this Agreement and any other documents related to the Plan. If Participant has received this Agreement or
any other documents related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of translated version is
different from the English version, the English version shall control.
-13-

23. Captions. Captions provided herein are for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or
construction of this Agreement.
24. Agreement Severable. In the event that any provision in this Agreement will be held invalid or unenforceable, such
provision will be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining
provisions of this Agreement.
25. Governing Law and Venue. This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the
state of California without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises
under this Award of PRSUs or this Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of California,
and agree that such litigation will be conducted in the courts of San Francisco County, California, or the federal courts for the United
States for the Northern District of California, and no other courts, where this Award of PRSUs is made and/or to be performed.
26. Modifications to the Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the parties on the subjects
covered. Participant expressly warrants that he or she is not accepting this Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations,
or inducements other than those contained herein. Modifications to this Agreement can be made only in an express written contract
executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company; provided, that any such modification that is adverse to Participant will not be
effective unless Participant consents in writing to the modification. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this
Agreement, the Company reserves the right to amend this Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and
without the consent of Participant, to comply with Section 409A of the Code or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax
or income recognition under Section 409A of the Code prior to the actual payment of Shares pursuant to this Award of PRSUs, or if
necessary to comply with any applicable laws in the jurisdiction in which Participant resides and/or is rendering services. In no event
will the Company pay or reimburse Participant for any taxes or other costs imposed in connection with the PRSUs under Section
409A or otherwise.
27. Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan. By accepting this Award, Participant expressly warrants that he or
she has received an Award of PRSUs under the Plan,
-14-

and that he or she has received, read and understood a description of the Plan. Participant understands that the Plan is discretionary
in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan.
28. Waiver. Participant acknowledges that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not
operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by Participant or any other
Participant.
29. Country Addendum. Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the PRSU grant shall be subject to any special
terms and conditions set forth in any appendix to this Agreement for Participant’s country (the “Country Addendum”). Moreover, if
Participant relocates to one of the countries included in the Country Addendum, the special terms and conditions for such country
will apply to Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or
advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Country Addendum constitutes part of this Agreement.
30. Insider Trading and Market Abuse Laws. Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse
laws based on the exchange on which the Shares are listed and in applicable jurisdictions, including the United States, Participant’s
country and any stock plan service provider’s country, which may affect Participant’s ability to acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of
Shares, rights to Shares (e.g., PRSUs) or rights linked to the value of Shares during such times as Participant is considered to have
material non-public information or “inside information” regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in applicable jurisdictions).
Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders Participant placed before he or she
possessed inside information. Furthermore, Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third
party, including fellow employees (other than on a “need to know” basis), and (ii) “tipping” third parties or causing them otherwise
to buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that
may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. Participant acknowledges that it is his or her responsibility to
comply with any applicable restrictions, and Participant should speak to his or her personal advisor on this matter.
-15-

31. Foreign Asset or Account and Exchange Control Reporting. Participant’s country may have certain exchange controls
and foreign asset or account reporting requirements that may affect his or her ability to purchase or hold Shares under the Plan or
receive cash from his or her participation in the Plan (including from any dividends received or sale proceeds arising from the sale of
Shares) in a brokerage or bank account outside Participant’s country. Participant may be required to report such accounts, assets or
transactions to the tax or other authorities in his or her country. Further, Participant may be required to repatriate proceeds acquired
as a result of participating in the Plan to his or her country through a designated bank or broker or within a certain time. Participant
acknowledges and agrees that it is his or her responsibility to be compliant with such regulations and understands that Participant
should speak with his or her personal legal advisor for any details regarding any foreign asset or account reporting or exchange
control reporting requirements in Participant’s country arising out of his or her participation in the Plan.
32. Compensation Clawback or Recovery Policy. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, as an
additional condition of receiving the PRSUs, Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Administrator (or the Board or a
committee of the Board, as determined by the Board), in its sole discretion, may require Participant to forfeit, return or reimburse to
the Company all or a portion of his or her PRSUs and any Shares or amounts paid thereunder (including any dividends), in
accordance with, or to satisfy a recoupment obligation or requirement under, the Company’s Executive Officer Incentive
Compensation Recovery Policy, as it may be amended from time to time, or any other then-effective Company compensation
clawback or recovery policy, as may be established or amended from time to time, to the extent such policies are applicable to
Participant.
-16-

SALESFORCE, INC.
PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT
EXHIBIT A -- VESTING CONDITIONS
-17-

Salesforce, Inc.
Salesforce Tower
415 Mission Street, 3 Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105
Notice of Grant of Stock Options and Terms
and Conditions of Stock Options (together, with the
exhibits and appendices thereto, the “Agreement”)
NAME:
ADDRESS:
OPTION NUMBER:
PLAN: 2013 Equity Incentive Plan
EMPLOYEE ID:
Grant Date:
Option Type: Stock Option
Total Shares Granted:
Exercise Price/Share:
Total Option Price:
Vest Commencement Date:
Expiration Date:
Effective on the grant date indicated above (the “Grant Date”) you have been granted an option to purchase the number of
shares of Salesforce, Inc. (the “Company”) common stock indicated above (the “Option”) at the exercise price per share indicated
above.
Vesting Schedule/Expiration:
Subject to any acceleration provisions contained in the Plan, the Option will vest and remain exercisable thereafter based on
the following schedule and according to the Terms and Conditions of Stock Options attached hereto (subject to earlier termination as
provided in paragraphs 2 and 3 of the Terms and Conditions of Stock Options):
The Option granted hereunder (including the Vesting Schedule above) is subject to the terms and conditions of any change of
control, retention and/or other agreement entered into between you and the Company (whether entered into before, on or after the
Grant Date).
rd
-1-

By signifying my acceptance below (either by my electronic signature or acceptance or by my written signature), I agree that
the Option is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”) and the
Agreement (including this Notice of Grant of Stock Options, the Terms and Conditions of Stock Options and any exhibits or
appendices thereto), all of which are attached and made a part of this package. I understand that additional important terms and
conditions, including regarding vesting and forfeiture, of this Option are contained in the rest of the Agreement and in the Plan. In
particular, I acknowledge the data privacy notice provisions included in paragraph 12 of the Terms and Conditions of Stock
Options.
I agree to notify the Company upon any change in my residence address indicated above.
By clicking the “ACCEPT” button, you agree to the following: “This electronic contract contains my electronic signature,
which I have executed with the intent to sign this Agreement.”
If you prefer not to electronically sign or accept this Agreement, you may accept this Agreement by signing a paper copy of
the Agreement and delivering it to Global Equity Plan Services Department.
Signature
Date
-2-

SALESFORCE, INC.
STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF STOCK OPTIONS
1. Grant of Option. The Company hereby grants to the individual named in the Notice of Grant (the “Participant”) an
option (the “Option”) to purchase the number of Shares, as set forth in the Notice of Grant of Stock Options (the “Notice of
Grant”), at the exercise price per Share set forth in the Notice of Grant (the “Exercise Price”), subject to all of the terms and
conditions in this Agreement and the Salesforce, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”), which is incorporated herein by
reference. Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Plan will have the same defined meanings in this Stock Option
Agreement (the “Agreement”), which includes the Notice of Grant and Terms and Conditions of Stock Option Grant and all
exhibits to the Agreement.
(a) For U.S. taxpayers, the Option will be designated as either an Incentive Stock Option (“ISO”) or a
Nonstatutory Stock Option (“NSO”). If designated in the Notice of Grant as an ISO, this Option is intended to qualify as an ISO
under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). However, if this Option is intended to be an
Incentive Stock Option, to the extent that it exceeds the $100,000 rule of Code Section 422(d) it will be treated as a Nonstatutory
Stock Option (“NSO”). Further, if for any reason this Option (or portion thereof) will not qualify as an ISO, then, to the extent of
such nonqualification, such Option (or portion thereof) shall be regarded as a NSO granted under the Plan. In no event will the
Administrator, the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary or any of their respective employees or directors have any liability to
Participant (or any other person) due to the failure of the Option to qualify for any reason as an ISO.
(b) For non-U.S. taxpayers, the Option will be designated as an NSO.
2. Vesting Schedule. Except as otherwise provided in paragraph 4 and subject to any acceleration provisions contained
in the Plan or set forth in this Agreement, the Option awarded by this Agreement will vest and be exercisable, in whole or in part, in
accordance with the vesting provisions set forth in the Notice of Grant. Shares scheduled to vest on a certain date or upon the
occurrence of a certain condition will not vest in accordance with any of the provisions of this Agreement, unless Participant will
have been continuously a Service Provider from the Grant Date until the date such vesting occurs. Notwithstanding anything in this
paragraph 2 to the contrary, and except as otherwise provided by the Administrator or as required by Applicable Laws, vesting of
the Option shall be suspended during any unpaid personal leave of absence other than a Company-approved sabbatical and other
than military leave such that vesting shall cease on the first (1st) day of any such unpaid personal leave of absence and shall only
recommence upon return to active service; provided, however, that no vesting credit will be awarded for the time vesting has been
suspended during such leave of absence.
-3-

3. Termination Period.
(a) Generally. The Option will be exercisable until 5:00pm local Pacific Time on the ninetieth (90th) day after the
date Participant ceases to be a Service Provider for reasons other than Cause or Participant’s death or Disability. In the event
Participant ceases to be a Service Provider due to Participant’s death or Disability, the Option will be exercisable until the close of
business on the one (1) year anniversary of the date Participant ceases to be a Service Provider. Participant’s status as a Service
Provider shall be deemed to have terminated on account of death if Participant dies within ninety (90) days after the date Participant
ceases to be a Service Provider. In the event Participant ceases to be a Service Provider due to Cause, the Option will terminate and
cease to be exercisable immediately upon the date Participant ceases to be a Service Provider. For purposes of the Option,
Participant’s engagement as a Service Provider will be considered terminated as of the date that Participant is no longer actively
providing services to the Company or any Participating Company (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not
later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of
Participant’s employment or engagement agreement, if any), and, unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement (including
by reference in the Notice of Grant to other arrangements or contracts) or determined by the Administrator, (i) Participant’s right to
vest in the Option under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period (e.g.,
Participant’s period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of “garden leave” or similar period
mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or Participant’s employment or
engagement agreement, if any, unless Participant is providing bona fide services during such time), and (ii) the period (if any) during
which Participant may exercise the Option after such termination of Participant’s engagement as a Service Provider will commence
on the date Participant ceases to actively provide services and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under
employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is employed or terms of Participant’s employment or engagement agreement,
if any; the Company shall have the discretion to determine when Participant is no longer actively providing services for purposes of
the Option (including whether Participant may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence).
(b) Extension if Exercise Prevented by Law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (i) Participant ceases to be a
Service Provider for reasons other than as a result of Cause and (ii) the exercise of the Option within the applicable time periods set
forth in paragraph 3(a) is prevented by the Section 27 of the Plan, the Option shall remain exercisable until the close of business of
the ninetieth (90th) day after the date Participant is notified by the Company that the Option is exercisable, but in any event no later
than the expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in the Notice of Grant.
(c) Extension if Participant Subject to Section 16(b). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (i) Participant ceases to be
a Service Provider for reasons other than as a result of Cause and (ii) a sale within the applicable time periods set forth in paragraph
3(a) of Shares acquired upon the exercise of the Option would subject Participant to suit under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act,
the Option shall remain exercisable until the earliest to occur of (x) the close
-4-

of business of the tenth (10th) day following the date on which a sale of such Shares by Participant would no longer be subject to
such suit or (y) the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Notice of Grant.
(d) Limitations. Notwithstanding anything in Sections 3(a), (b), or (c) to the contrary, in no event may the Option
be exercised after the close business on the expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in the Notice of Grant, and may be
subject to earlier termination as provided in Sections 16(b) and (c) of the Plan.
4. Administrator Discretion. The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the vesting of the balance, or some
lesser portion of the balance, of the unvested Option at any time, subject to the terms of the Plan. If so accelerated, such Option will
be considered as having vested as of the date specified by the Administrator.
5. Exercise of Option.
(a) Right to Exercise. This Option may be exercised only within the term set out in the Notice of Grant, and may
be exercised during such term only in accordance with the Plan and the terms of this Agreement.
(b) Method of Exercise. This Option is exercisable in a manner and pursuant to such procedures as the Company
may determine, which may include (but is not limited to) by notification to E*Trade from Morgan Stanley and any of its affiliated
companies (“E*TRADE”), or such other stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, or by delivery
of an exercise notice to the Company, in the form attached as Exhibit C (either, the “Exercise Notice”). Any Exercise Notice must
state the election to exercise the Option, the number of Shares in respect of which the Option is being exercised (the “Exercised
Shares”), and such other representations and agreements as may be required by the Company pursuant to the provisions of the Plan.
The Exercise Notice will be accompanied by payment or instructions for payment of the aggregate Exercise Price as to all Exercised
Shares. This Option will be deemed to be exercised upon receipt by the Company or any agent designated by the Company of such
fully executed Exercise Notice accompanied by the aggregate Exercise Price (or instructions for payment thereof). This Option may
not be exercised for a fraction of a Share and the Company will not issue fractional Shares upon exercise of this Option.
6. Method of Payment. Payment of the aggregate Exercise Price will be by any of the following, or a combination
thereof, at the election of Participant:
(a) cash;
(b) check;
(c) consideration received by the Company under a formal cashless exercise program (whether through a broker,
net exercise program or otherwise) adopted by the Company in connection with the Plan;
-5-

(d) if Participant is a U.S. Employee, surrender of other Shares which have a Fair Market Value on the date of
surrender equal to the aggregate Exercise Price of the Exercised Shares, provided that accepting such Shares, in the sole discretion of
the Administrator, will not result in any adverse accounting consequences to the Company; or
(e) by such other consideration as may be approved by the Administrator from time to time to the extent
permitted by Applicable Laws.
7. Tax Obligations.
(a) Responsibility for Taxes. Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if
different, the Participating Company employing or retaining Participant (the “Employer”), the ultimate liability for Tax Obligations
is and remains Participant’s responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company or the Employer.
Participant further acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the
treatment of any Tax Obligations in connection with any aspect of the Option, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or
exercise of the Option, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such exercise and the receipt of any dividends or other
distributions, and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Option to
reduce or eliminate Participant’s liability for Tax Obligations or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if Participant is subject to
Tax Obligations in more than one jurisdiction, Participant acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (or former
employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax Obligations in more than one jurisdiction. If Participant
fails to make satisfactory arrangements for the payment of any required Tax Obligations hereunder at the time of the applicable
taxable event, Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company may refuse to honor the exercise and refuse to deliver the
Shares or the proceeds from the sale of the Shares.
(b) Withholding of Taxes. Prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Participant agrees
to make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or the Employer to satisfy all Tax Obligations. In this regard,
Participant authorizes the Company and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy their withholding
obligations with regard to all Tax Obligations, if any, by withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired at exercise of the
Option either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on Participant’s behalf pursuant to
this authorization) without further consent. Alternatively, the Company, or the Employer, or their respective agents, in their sole
discretion and pursuant to such procedures as they may specify from time to time, may satisfy their withholding obligations with
regard to all Tax Obligations, if any, in whole or in part (without limitation) by (i) requiring Participant to deliver cash or a check to
the Company or the Employer, (ii) withholding from Participant’s wages or other cash compensation paid to Participant by the
Company and/or the Employer, or (iii) reducing the number of Shares otherwise deliverable to Participant; provided, however, that if
Participant is a Section 16 officer of the Company under the Exchange Act, then the Company will withhold from proceeds of the
sale of Shares acquired at exercise of the Option, unless the
-6-

use of such withholding method is inadvisable under Applicable Laws or has materially adverse accounting consequences, in which
case, the withholding obligation for Tax Obligations, if any, may be satisfied by one or a combination of methods (i) and (ii) above.
For avoidance of doubt, if Participant is a non-U.S. employee, payment of Tax Obligations may not be effectuated by surrender of
other Shares with a Fair Market Value equal to the amount of any Tax Obligations. Further, depending on the withholding method,
the Company or the Employer may withhold or account for Tax Obligations by considering statutory or other withholding rates,
including minimum or maximum rates applicable in Participant’s jurisdiction(s). In the event of over-withholding, Participant may
receive a refund from the Company of any over-withheld amount in cash (with no entitlement to the equivalent in Common Stock),
or if not refunded by the Company, Participant must seek a refund from the local tax authorities to the extent Participant wishes to
recover the over-withheld amount in the form of a refund); provided, however, that where the application of maximum rates would,
in the Company’s determination, result in adverse accounting consequences to the Company, the Company shall withhold only
amounts sufficient to meet the minimum statutory Tax Obligations required to be withheld or remitted with respect to the Option.
(c) Notice of Disqualifying Disposition of ISO Shares. If the Option granted to Participant herein is an ISO, and if
Participant sells or otherwise disposes of any of the Shares acquired pursuant to the ISO on or before the later of (i) the date two (2)
years after the Grant Date, or (ii) the date one (1) year after the date of exercise, Participant will immediately notify the Company in
writing of such disposition. Participant agrees that Participant may be subject to income tax withholding by the Company on the
compensation income recognized by Participant.
(d) Code Section 409A. Under Code Section 409A, an option that vests after December 31, 2004 (or that vested
on or prior to such date but which was materially modified after October 3, 2004) that was granted with a per Share Exercise Price
that is determined by the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) to be less than the fair market value of a Share on the Grant Date (a
“Discount Option”) may be considered “deferred compensation.” For a Participant who is or becomes subject to U.S. Federal
income taxation, a Discount Option may result in (i) income recognition by Participant prior to the exercise of the option, (ii) an
additional twenty percent (20%) federal income tax, and (iii) potential penalty and interest charges. The Discount Option may also
result in additional state income, penalty and interest charges to Participant. Participant acknowledges that the Company cannot and
has not guaranteed that the IRS will agree that the per Share Exercise Price of this Option equals or exceeds the Fair Market Value of
a Share on the Grant Date in a later examination. Participant agrees that if the IRS determines that the Option was granted with a per
Share exercise price that was less than the Fair Market Value of a Share on the Grant Date, Participant will be solely responsible for
Participant’s costs related to such a determination, if any.
8. Rights as Stockholder. Neither Participant nor any person claiming under or through Participant will have any of the
rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until certificates
representing such Shares will have been issued, recorded on the records of the Company or its transfer agents or registrars, and
delivered to Participant (including through electronic delivery to a brokerage
-7-

account). After such issuance, recordation and delivery, Participant will have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with
respect to voting such Shares and receipt of dividends and distributions on such Shares.
9. No Guarantee of Continued Service. PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF
THE OPTION PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS A SERVICE
PROVIDER AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY (OR THE EMPLOYER) AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED,
BEING GRANTED THIS OPTION OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER. PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES
AND AGREES THAT THIS AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING
SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED
ENGAGEMENT AS A SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND WILL
NOT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH ANY RIGHT OF PARTICIPANT OR OF THE COMPANY (OR THE EMPLOYER) TO
TERMINATE PARTICIPANT’S RELATIONSHIP AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE.
10. Nature of Grant. In accepting the Option, Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that:
(a) the grant of the Option is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other
right to receive future grants of options, or benefits in lieu of options, even if options have been granted in the past;
(b) all decisions with respect to future option or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company;
(c) Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan;
(d) the Option and any Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not intended
to replace any pension rights or compensation;
(e) unless otherwise agreed with the Company, the Option and the Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income
from and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service Participant may provide as a director
of a Subsidiary or an Affiliate;
(f) the Option and Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not part of normal
or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service
payments, holiday pay, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar mandatory payments;
(g) the future value of the Shares underlying the Option is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted;
-8-

(h) if the Shares underlying the Option do not increase in value, the Option will have no value;
(i) if Participant exercises the Option and acquires Shares, the value of such Shares may increase or decrease in
value, even below the Exercise Price;
(j) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the Option and the benefits
evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Option or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by,
another company nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the
Shares; and
(k) the following provisions apply only if Participant is providing services outside the United States:
(i) the Option and the Shares subject to the Option are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary
for any purpose;
(ii) none of the Company, the Employer or any other Participating Company shall be liable for any foreign
exchange rate fluctuation between Participant’s local currency and the United States Dollar that may
affect the value of the Option or of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the exercise of the
Option or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon exercise; and
(iii) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Option resulting
from the termination of Participant’s engagement as a Service Provider (for any reason whatsoever,
whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where
Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of Participant’s employment or engagement agreement, if
any).
11. No Advice Regarding Grant. The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company
making any recommendations regarding Participant’s participation in the Plan, or Participant’s acquisition or sale of the underlying
Shares. Participant understands that there may be adverse tax consequences as a result of Participant’s participation in the Plan,
including the exercise of the Option or the disposition of the Shares subject to the Option. Participant acknowledges that he or she
should consult with a tax, legal or financial consultant, that he or she has had the opportunity to consult with any such consultants
that Participant deems advisable in connection with the receipt or disposition of the Shares, and that Participant is not relying on the
Company for any tax advice.
12. Data Privacy. Participant hereby acknowledges that the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of
Participant’s personal data as described in this Agreement and any other Option grant materials by and among, as applicable,
the Employer,
-9-

the Company and any Participating Company, is necessary for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and
managing Participant’s participation in the Plan.
Participant understands that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about Participant,
including, but not limited to, Participant’s name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social
insurance, passport or other identification number (e.g., resident registration number), salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or
directorships held in the Company, details of all Options or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested,
unvested or outstanding in Participant’s favor (“Data”), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing
the Plan.
Participant understands that Data will be transferred to E*TRADE or any stock plan service provider as may be selected
by the Company in the future, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the
Plan. Participant understands that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the
recipients’ country of operation (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participant’s
country. Participant understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may request a list with the names
and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting his or her local human resources representative. The
Company, E*TRADE, any stock plan service provider selected by the Company and any other possible recipients which may
assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan may receive, possess,
use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing
his or her participation in the Plan. Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement,
administer and manage Participant’s participation in the Plan. Participant understands if he or she resides outside the United
States, he or she may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require
any necessary amendments to Data or make any other applicable data subject requests, in any case without cost, by contacting in
writing his or her local human resources representative. For more information, Participant may contact his or her local human
resources representative.
13. Address for Notices. Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms of this Agreement will be addressed in
care of Global Equity Plan Services Department, at Salesforce, Inc., Salesforce Tower, 415 Mission Street, 3 Floor, San Francisco,
CA 94105, or at such other address as the Company may hereafter designate in writing.
14. Non-Transferability of Option. This Option may not be transferred in any manner otherwise than by will or by the
laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of Participant only by Participant.
15. Binding Agreement. Subject to the limitation on the transferability of this grant contained herein, this Agreement will
be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto.
rd
-10-

16. Additional Conditions to Issuance of Certificates for Shares. If at any time the Company will determine, in its
discretion, that the listing, registration, qualification or rule compliance of the Shares upon any securities exchange or under any
state, federal or foreign law, the tax code and related regulations under the rulings or regulations of the United States Securities and
Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory body or the clearance, consent or approval of the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory authority is necessary or desirable as a condition to the
purchase by, or issuance of Shares to, Participant (or his or her estate) hereunder, such purchase or issuance will not occur unless
and until such listing, registration, qualification, rule compliance, clearance, consent or approval will have been completed, effected
or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. Assuming such compliance, for income tax purposes the
Exercised Shares will be considered transferred to Participant on the date the Option is exercised with respect to such Exercised
Shares.
17. Plan Governs. This Agreement and the Option granted hereunder are subject to all terms and provisions of the Plan.
In the event of a conflict between one or more provisions of this Agreement and one or more provisions of the Plan, the provisions
of the Plan will govern. Capitalized terms used and not defined in this Agreement will have the meaning set forth in the Plan.
18. Administrator Authority. The Administrator will have the power to interpret the Plan and this Agreement and to adopt
such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any
such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether or not any Shares subject to the Option have vested). All
actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Administrator in good faith will be final and binding upon
Participant, the Company and all other interested persons. No member of the Administrator will be personally liable for any action,
determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or this Agreement.
19. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents
related to Options awarded under the Plan or future options that may be awarded under the Plan by electronic means or request
Participant’s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by
electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through any on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the
Company or a third party designated by the Company. To the extent Participant executes the Notice of Stock Option Grant by
electronic means, Participant should retain a copy of his or her returned electronically signed Agreement. Participant may obtain a
paper copy at any time and at the Company’s expense by requesting one from Global Equity Plan Services Department (see
paragraph 13 of these Terms and Conditions).
20. English Language Consent. By accepting the Option, Participant acknowledges and represents that he or she is
proficient in the English language or has consulted with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in English as to allow Participant
to understand the terms
-11-

of this Agreement and any other documents related to the Plan. If Participant has received this Agreement or any other documents
related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of translated version is different from the
English version, the English version shall control.
21. Captions. Captions provided herein are for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or
construction of this Agreement.
22. Agreement Severable. In the event that any provision in this Agreement will be held invalid or unenforceable, such
provision will be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining
provisions of this Agreement.
23. Governing Law and Venue. This Agreement will be governed by the laws of California, without giving effect to the
conflict of law principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this Option or this Agreement, the parties
hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of California, and agree that such litigation will be conducted in the
courts of San Francisco County, California, or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California, and no
other courts, where this Option is made and/or to be performed.
24. Modifications to the Agreement. Participant expressly warrants that he or she is not accepting this Agreement in
reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained herein. Modifications to this Agreement can
be made only in an express written contract executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in the Plan or this Agreement, the Company reserves the right to amend this Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable,
in its sole discretion and without the consent of Participant, to comply with Code Section 409A or to otherwise avoid imposition of
any additional tax or income recognition under Section 409A of the Code in connection with the Option, or if necessary to comply
with any applicable laws in the jurisdiction in which Participant resides and/or is rendering services.
25. Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan. By accepting this Award, Participant expressly warrants that he
or she has received an “Option” under the Plan, and has received, read and understood a description of the Plan. Participant
understands that the Plan is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any
time to the extent permitted by the Plan.
26. Waiver. Participant acknowledges that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this Agreement shall
not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by Participant or any
other Participant.
27. Legends. The Company may at any time place legends referencing restrictions imposed by any Applicable Laws on
all certificates representing Shares subject to the provisions of this Agreement.
-12-

28. Country Addendum. Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Option grant shall be subject to any
special terms and conditions for Participant’s country set forth in the Country Addendum attached to this Agreement (the “Country
Addendum”). Moreover, if Participant relocates to one of the countries included in the Country Addendum, the special terms and
conditions for such country will apply to Participant to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and
conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Country Addendum constitutes part of this Agreement.
29. Insider Trading and Market Abuse Laws. Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market
abuse laws based on the exchange on which the Shares are listed and in applicable jurisdictions, including the United States,
Participant’s country and any stock plan service provider’s country, which may affect Participant’s ability to acquire, sell or
otherwise dispose of Shares, rights to Shares (e.g., the Option) or rights linked to the value of Shares during such times as
Participant is considered to have material non-public information or “inside information” regarding the Company (as defined by the
laws in applicable jurisdictions). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders
Participant placed before he or she possessed inside information. Furthermore, Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing
the inside information to any third party, including fellow employees (other than on a “need to know” basis), and (ii) “tipping” third
parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in
addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. Participant acknowledges
that it is his or her responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and Participant should speak to his or her personal
advisor on this matter.
30. Foreign Asset or Account and Exchange Control Reporting. Participant’s country may have certain exchange controls
and foreign asset or account reporting requirements that may affect his or her ability to purchase or hold Shares under the Plan or
receive cash from his or her participation in the Plan (including from any dividends received or sale proceeds arising from the sale
of Shares) in a brokerage or bank account outside Participant’s country. Participant may be required to report such accounts, assets
or transactions to the tax or other authorities in his or her country. Further, Participant may be required to repatriate proceeds
acquired as a result of participating in the Plan to his or her country through a designated bank or broker or within a certain time.
Participant acknowledges and agrees that it is his or her responsibility to be compliant with such regulations and understands that
Participant should speak with his or her personal legal advisor for any details regarding any foreign asset or account reporting or
exchange control reporting requirements in Participant’s country arising out of his or her participation in the Plan.
-13-

EXHIBIT C
SALESFORCE, INC.
2013 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
EXERCISE NOTICE
Salesforce, Inc.
Salesforce Tower
415 Mission Street, 3 Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105
Attention: Global Equity Plan Services Department
1. Exercise of Option. Effective as of today, ________________, _____, the undersigned (“Purchaser”) hereby elects to
purchase ______________ shares (the “Shares”) of the Common Stock of Salesforce, Inc. (the “Company”) under and pursuant to
the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”) and the Stock Option Agreement dated ________ (the “Agreement”). The purchase price
for the Shares will be $_____________, as required by the Agreement.
2. Delivery of Payment. Purchaser herewith delivers to the Company the full purchase price of the Shares and any Tax
Obligations (as defined in paragraph 7(a) of the Agreement) to be paid in connection with the exercise of the Option.
3. Representations of Purchaser. Purchaser acknowledges that Purchaser has received, read and understood the Plan and
the Agreement and agrees to abide by and be bound by their terms and conditions.
4. Rights as Stockholder. Until the issuance (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a
duly authorized transfer agent of the Company) of the Shares, no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a
stockholder will exist with respect to the Shares subject to the Option, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Shares so
acquired will be issued to Purchaser as soon as practicable after exercise of the Option. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or
other right for which the record date is prior to the date of issuance, except as provided in Section 16 of the Plan.
5. Restriction on Sale of Securities. Any sale of the Shares issued under this Agreement will be subject to any market
black-out period that may be imposed by the Company and must comply with the Company’s insider trading policies, and any other
Applicable Laws.
6. Tax Consultation. Purchaser understands that Purchaser may suffer adverse tax consequences as a result of
Purchaser’s purchase or disposition of the Shares. Purchaser represents that Purchaser has consulted with any tax consultants
Purchaser deems advisable in
rd
-14-

connection with the purchase or disposition of the Shares and that Purchaser is not relying on the Company for any tax advice.
7. Entire Agreement; Governing Law. The Plan and Agreement are incorporated herein by reference. This Exercise
Notice, the Plan and the Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and
supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Purchaser with respect to the subject matter
hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the Purchaser’s interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and
Purchaser. This agreement is governed by the internal substantive laws, but not the choice of law rules, of the State of California.
Submitted by: Accepted by:
PURCHASER SALESFORCE, INC.
____________________________________ _____________________________________
Signature By
____________________________________ _____________________________________
Print Name Its
Address:
____________________________________
____________________________________
______________________________________
Date Received
-15-

Exhibit 10.5
Salesforce, Inc.
Salesforce Tower
415 Mission Street, 3 Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105
Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units and Terms
and Conditions of Restricted Stock Units (together,
with the exhibits and appendices thereto, the
“Agreement”)
NAME:
ADDRESS:
AWARD NUMBER:
PLAN: 2014 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan
EMPLOYEE ID:
Grant Date:
Award Type: Restricted Stock Units
Total Shares Granted:
Vest Commencement Date:
Effective on the grant date indicated above (the “Grant Date”), you have been granted an award of restricted stock units over
the number of shares specified above (the “Award”). These units are restricted until the vest date(s), at which time you will receive
shares of Salesforce, Inc. (the “Company”) common stock. This Award is intended as a material inducement to your becoming an
Employee.
Vesting Schedule: Subject to any acceleration provisions contained in the Plan:
The Award granted hereunder (including the Vesting Schedule above) is subject to the terms and conditions of any change of
control, offer, retention and/or other agreement entered into between you and the Company (whether entered into before, on or after
the Grant Date).
By signifying my acceptance below (either by my electronic signature or acceptance or by my written signature), I agree that
the Award is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the 2014 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”) and
the Agreement (including this Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units, the Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Units and any
exhibits or appendices thereto), all of which are attached and made a part of this package. In particular, I acknowledge the data
privacy notice provisions included in paragraph 13 of the Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Units.
rd
-1-

I agree to notify the Company upon any change in my residence address indicated above.
By clicking the “ACCEPT” button, you agree to the following: “This electronic contract contains my electronic signature,
which I have executed with the intent to sign this Agreement.”
If you prefer not to electronically sign or accept this Agreement, you may accept this Agreement by signing a paper copy of
the Agreement and delivering it to Global Equity Plan Services Department.
Signature
Date
-2-

SALESFORCE, INC.
RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS
1. Grant. The Company hereby grants to the individual (the “Participant”) named in the Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock
Units (the “Grant Notice”) to which these Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Units (together with the Grant Notice and
attachments to each document, the “Agreement”) are attached, an Award of Restricted Stock Units upon the terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement and the Salesforce, Inc. 2014 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”), which is incorporated herein by
reference. Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, the Restricted Stock Units include a right to Dividend Equivalents
equal to the value of any cash dividends paid on the Shares for which the record date occurs during the period commencing on the
Grant Date and ending prior to the date the Restricted Stock Units (or portion thereof) are settled. Subject to vesting, each Dividend
Equivalent entitles Participant to receive the equivalent cash value of any cash dividends paid on the number of Shares underlying
the Restricted Stock Units that are outstanding during such period. Dividend Equivalents will be accrued (without interest) and will
be subject to the same conditions as the Restricted Stock Units to which they are attributable, including, without limitation, the
vesting conditions and the provisions governing the timing of settlement of the Restricted Stock Units (or portion thereof). Dividend
Equivalents will be settled in cash or, subject to the approval of the Administrator, in Shares, in either case, subject to withholding of
any applicable Tax-Related Items.
2. Company’s Obligation to Pay. For each Restricted Stock Unit that vests, Participant will receive one Share and, unless
otherwise determined by the Administrator, any accrued Dividend Equivalents with respect to such Share. Unless and until the
Restricted Stock Units have vested in the manner set forth in paragraphs 3 or 4, Participant will have no right to payment of such
Restricted Stock Units or any accrued Dividend Equivalents. Prior to actual payment of any vested Restricted Stock Units, such
Restricted Stock Units will represent an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the general assets of the
Company. Any Restricted Stock Units that vest in accordance with paragraphs 3 or 4 will be paid to Participant (or in the event of
Participant’s death, to his or her estate) in whole Shares, subject to Participant satisfying any obligations for Tax Obligations.
Payment of any vested Restricted Stock Units shall be made in whole Shares only.
3. Vesting Schedule. Except as otherwise provided in paragraph 4 of this Agreement, and subject to paragraph 6, the
Restricted Stock Units awarded by this Agreement shall vest in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Grant Notice,
provided that Participant has continuously remained a Service Provider from the Grant Date through the relevant vesting date.
Notwithstanding anything in this paragraph 3 to the contrary, and except as otherwise provided by the Administrator or as required
by Applicable Law, vesting of the Restricted Stock Units shall be suspended during any unpaid personal leave of absence other
-3-

than a Company-approved sabbatical and other than military leave such that vesting shall cease on the first (1st) day of any such
unpaid personal leave of absence and shall only recommence upon return to active service; provided, however, that no vesting credit
will be awarded for the time vesting has been suspended during such leave of absence.
4. Administrator Discretion. The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the vesting of the balance, or some lesser
portion of the balance, of the unvested Restricted Stock Units at any time, subject to the terms of the Plan. If so accelerated, such
Restricted Stock Units will be considered as having vested as of the date specified by the Administrator. Subject to the provisions of
this paragraph 4, if the Administrator, in its discretion, accelerates the vesting of all or a portion of any unvested Restricted Stock
Units, the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units shall be made as soon as practicable upon or following the accelerated
vesting date; provided, however, that if Participant is subject to a Change of Control and Retention Agreement or other agreement
with or authorized by the Company (or with its Parent or one of its Subsidiaries) providing for acceleration of vesting of the
Restricted Stock Units, in each case entered into prior to the Grant Date, and such agreement provides different timing of payment
for such accelerated Restricted Stock Units, the timing in such agreement shall control (provided that, if Participant is a U.S.
taxpayer, such timing is compliant with Section 409A or results in such accelerated Restricted Stock Units being exempt from
Section 409A, and subject to any delay required below by this paragraph 4; otherwise, this paragraph 4 shall control).
Notwithstanding anything in the Plan, this Agreement or any other agreement (whether entered into before, on or after the Grant
Date) to the contrary, if the Administrator, in its discretion, following the Grant Date provides for the further acceleration of vesting
of any of the Restricted Stock Units subject to this Award, if Participant is a U.S. taxpayer, the payment of such accelerated
Restricted Stock Units may only be made at a time or times that would result in such Restricted Stock Units to be exempt from or
complying with the requirements of Section 409A. The prior sentence may be superseded in a future agreement or amendment to
this Agreement only by direct and specific reference to such sentence.
Notwithstanding anything in the Plan, this Agreement or any other agreement (whether entered into before, on or after the
Grant Date) to the contrary, if the vesting of the balance, or some lesser portion of the balance, of the Restricted Stock Units is
accelerated in connection with Participant’s termination as a Service Provider (provided that such termination is a “separation from
service” within the meaning of Section 409A, as determined by the Company), other than due to death, and if (x) Participant is a
U.S. taxpayer and a “specified employee” within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of such termination as a Service Provider
and (y) the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units will result in the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A if
paid to Participant on or within the six (6) month period following Participant’s termination as a Service Provider, then the payment
of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units will not be made until the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of
Participant’s termination as a Service Provider, unless Participant dies following his or her termination as a Service Provider, in
which case, the Restricted Stock Units will be paid in Shares to Participant’s estate as soon as practicable following his or her death.
It is the intent of this Agreement that it and all payments and benefits to U.S. taxpayers hereunder be exempt from, or comply with,
the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the Restricted Stock
-4-

Units provided under this Agreement or Shares (or cash pursuant to the Dividend Equivalents) issuable thereunder will be subject to
the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to be so exempt or so comply. Each
payment payable to a U.S. taxpayer under this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury
Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). For purposes of this Agreement, “Section 409A” means Section 409A of the Code, and any final
Treasury Regulations and Internal Revenue Service guidance thereunder, as each may be amended from time to time.
5. Payment after Vesting. The payment of Shares (including any related Dividend Equivalents) vesting pursuant to this
Agreement shall in all cases be made at a time or in a manner that is exempt from, or complies with, Section 409A, unless otherwise
determined by the Administrator. The prior sentence may be superseded in a future agreement or amendment to this Agreement only
by direct and specific reference to such sentence. Any Restricted Stock Units that vest in accordance with paragraph 3 will be paid to
Participant (or in the event of Participant’s death, to his or her estate) as soon as practicable following the date of vesting, subject to
paragraph 8. Any Restricted Stock Units that vest in accordance with paragraph 4 will be paid to Participant (or in the event of
Participant’s death, to his or her estate) in accordance with the provisions of such paragraph, subject to paragraph 8. In no event will
Participant be permitted, directly or indirectly, to specify the taxable year of the payment of any Restricted Stock Units payable
under this Agreement.
6. Forfeiture upon Termination of Status as a Service Provider. Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Agreement,
the balance of the Restricted Stock Units that have not vested as of the time of Participant’s termination as a Service Provider for any
or no reason will be forfeited and automatically transferred to and reacquired by the Company at no cost to the Company, and
Participant’s right to acquire any Shares (or cash pursuant to the Dividend Equivalents) hereunder will immediately terminate. The
date of Participant’s termination as a Service Provider is detailed in paragraph 11(h).
7. Death of Participant. Any distribution or delivery to be made to Participant under this Agreement will, if Participant is
then deceased, be made to the administrator or executor of Participant’s estate. Any such administrator or executor must furnish the
Company with (a) written notice of his or her status as transferee, and (b) evidence satisfactory to the Company to establish the
validity of the transfer and compliance with any laws or regulations pertaining to said transfer.
8. Tax Obligations.
(a) Responsibility for Taxes. Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if
different, the Participating Company employing or retaining Participant (the “Employer”), the ultimate liability
for Tax Obligations is and remains Participant’s responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually
withheld by the Company or the Employer. Participant further acknowledges that the Company and/or the
Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax Obligations in
connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units or
-5-

any related Dividend Equivalents, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted
Stock Units, payment of any Dividend Equivalents, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such
settlement and the receipt of any dividends or other distributions, and (ii) do not commit to and are under no
obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate
Participant’s liability for Tax Obligations or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if Participant is subject to
Tax Obligations in more than one jurisdiction, Participant acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer
(or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax Obligations in more than one
jurisdiction. If Participant fails to make satisfactory arrangements for the payment of any required Tax Obligations
hereunder at the time of the applicable taxable event, Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company may
refuse to issue or deliver the Shares, Dividend Equivalents or the proceeds of the sale of Shares.
(b) Withholding of Taxes. Prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Participant agrees to
make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company or the Employer to satisfy all Tax Obligations. In this
regard, Participant authorizes the Company and the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to
satisfy their withholding obligations with regard to all Tax Obligations, if any, by withholding from proceeds of
the sale of Shares acquired at vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, either through a voluntary sale or through a
mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on Participant’s behalf pursuant to this authorization) without further
consent. Alternatively, the Company and the Employer, or their respective agents, in their sole discretion and
pursuant to such procedures as they may specify from time to time, may satisfy their withholding obligations with
regard to all Tax Obligations, if any, in whole or in part (without limitation) by (i) requiring Participant to deliver
cash or a check to the Company or the Employer, (ii) withholding from Participant’s wages or other cash
compensation paid to Participant by the Company or the Employer, or (iii) reducing the number of Shares or
amount of Dividend Equivalents otherwise deliverable to Participant; provided, however, that if Participant is a
Section 16 officer of the Company under the Exchange Act, then the Company will withhold from any cash
Dividend Equivalents and from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired at vesting of the Restricted Stock Units,
unless the use of such withholding method is inadvisable under Applicable Laws or has materially adverse
accounting consequences, in which case, the withholding obligation for Tax Obligations, if any, may be satisfied
by one or a combination of methods (i) and (ii) above. For avoidance of doubt, if Participant is a non-U.S.
employee, payment of Tax Obligations may not be effectuated by surrender of other Shares with a Fair Market
Value equal to the amount of any Tax Obligations. Further, depending on the withholding method, the Company
or the Employer may withhold or account for Tax Obligations by considering
-6-

statutory or other withholding rates, including minimum or maximum rates applicable in Participant’s
jurisdiction(s). In the event of over-withholding, Participant may receive a refund from the Company of any overwithheld amount in cash (with no entitlement to the equivalent in Common Stock), or if not refunded by the
Company, Participant must seek a refund from the local tax authorities to the extent Participant wishes to recover
the over-withheld amount in the form of a refund); provided, however, that where the application of such
maximum rates would, in the Company’s determination, result in adverse accounting consequences to the
Company, the Company shall withhold only amounts sufficient to meet the minimum statutory Tax Obligations
required to be withheld or remitted with respect to the Restricted Stock Units.
9. Rights as Stockholder. Neither Participant nor any person claiming under or through Participant will have any of the
rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until certificates
representing such Shares (which may be in book entry form) will have been issued, recorded on the records of the Company or its
transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to Participant (including through electronic delivery to a brokerage account). After such
issuance, recordation and delivery, Participant will have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to voting such
Shares and receipt of dividends and distributions on such Shares.
10. No Guarantee of Continued Service. PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE
VESTING OF THE RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED
ONLY BY CONTINUING AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY (OR THE EMPLOYER) AND
NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS AWARD OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS
OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER. PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS
AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET
FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT
AS A SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND WILL NOT
INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH ANY RIGHT OF PARTICIPANT OR OF THE COMPANY (OR THE EMPLOYER) TO
TERMINATE PARTICIPANT’S RELATIONSHIP AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT
CAUSE.
11. Nature of Grant. In accepting the grant, Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that:
(a) the grant of the Restricted Stock Units is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or
other right to receive future grants of Restricted Stock Units, or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if
Restricted Stock Units have been granted in the past;
-7-

(b) all decisions with respect to future Restricted Stock Units or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the
Company;
(c) Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan;
(d) the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units, and the income from and value of
same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation;
(e) unless otherwise agreed with the Company, the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock
Units, and the income from and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service
Participant may provide as a director of a Subsidiary or an Affiliate;
(f) the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units, and the income from and value of
same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation,
termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, holiday pay, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or
retirement or welfare benefits or similar mandatory payments;
(g) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted;
(h) for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units, Participant’s status as a Service Provider will be considered terminated as
of the date Participant is no longer actively providing services to the Company or any Participating Company
(regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later to be found invalid or in breach of employment
laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of Participant’s employment or service
agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement (including by reference in the Notice of
Grant to other arrangements or contracts) or determined by the Administrator, Participant’s right to vest in the Restricted
Stock Units under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period (e.g.,
Participant’s period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of “garden leave” or
similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the
terms of Participant’s employment or service agreement, if any, unless Participant is providing bona fide services
during such time); the Administrator shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when Participant is no longer
actively providing services for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units grant (including whether Participant may still
be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence);
(i) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits
evidenced by this Agreement do not create
-8-

any entitlement to have the Restricted Stock Units or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another
company nor be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the
Shares; and
(j) the following provisions apply only if Participant is providing services outside the United States:
i. the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are not part of normal or
expected compensation or salary for any purpose;
ii. none of the Company, the Employer or any other Participating Company shall be liable for any foreign exchange
rate fluctuation between Participant’s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of
the Restricted Stock Units or of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the settlement of the Restricted
Stock Units and any related Dividend Equivalents or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon
settlement; and
iii. no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units
resulting from the termination of Participant’s status as a Service Provider (for any reason whatsoever whether
or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a
Service Provider or the terms of Participant’s employment or service agreement, if any).
12. No Advice Regarding Grant. The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company
making any recommendations regarding Participant’s participation in the Plan, or Participant’s acquisition or sale of the underlying
Shares. Participant understands that there may be adverse tax consequences as a result of Participant’s participation in the Plan,
including the receipt or disposition of the Shares issued as payment for the vested Restricted Stock Units. Participant acknowledges
that he or she should consult with a tax, legal or financial consultant, that he or she has had the opportunity to consult with any such
consultants that Participant deems advisable in connection with the receipt or disposition of the Shares, and that Participant is not
relying on the Company for any tax advice.
13. Data Privacy Notice. Participant hereby acknowledges that the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other
form, of Participant’s personal data as described in this Agreement and any other Restricted Stock Unit grant materials by and
among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and any Participating Company, is necessary for the exclusive purpose of
implementing, administering and managing Participant’s participation in the Plan.
Participant understands that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about Participant,
including, but not limited to, Participant’s name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social
insurance, passport or other identification number (e.g., resident registration number), salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or
directorships held in the Company, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any
-9-

other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant’s favor (“Data”), for the
exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan.
Participant understands that Data will be transferred to E*Trade from Morgan Stanley and its related companies
(“E*TRADE”) or any stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the
Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Participant understands that the recipients of
the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients’ country of operation (e.g., the United States)
may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participant’s country. Participant understands that if he or she resides
outside the United States, he or she may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by
contacting his or her local human resources representative. The Company, E*TRADE, any stock plan service provider selected
by the Company and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing,
administering and managing the Plan may receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the
sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing his or her participation in the Plan. Participant understands that
Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage Participant’s participation in the Plan.
Participant understands if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may, at any time, view Data, request additional
information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or make any other applicable
data subject requests, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing his or her local human resources representative. For
more information, Participant may contact his or her local human resources representative.
14. Address for Notices. Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms of this Agreement will be addressed to the
Company, in care of Global Equity Plan Services Department, at Salesforce, Inc., Salesforce Tower, 415 Mission Street, 3 Floor,
San Francisco, CA 94105, or at such other address as the Company may hereafter designate in writing.
15. Grant is Not Transferable. Except to the limited extent provided in paragraph 7 above, this grant of Restricted Stock
Units and the rights and privileges conferred hereby will not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred or disposed of in
any way (whether by operation of law or otherwise) and will not be subject to sale under execution, attachment or similar process,
until Participant has been issued the Shares. Upon any attempt to sell, pledge, assign, hypothecate, transfer or otherwise dispose of
this grant, or any right or privilege conferred hereby, or upon any attempted sale under any execution, attachment or similar process,
this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby immediately will become null and void.
16. Compensation Clawback or Recovery Policy. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, as an
additional condition of receiving the Restricted Stock Units, Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Administrator (or the
Board or a committee of the Board, as determined by the Board), in its sole discretion, may require Participant to forfeit, return or
reimburse to the Company all or a portion of his or her Restricted Stock Units and any Shares or amounts paid thereunder (including
any dividends or Dividend Equivalents), in order
rd
-10-

to satisfy a recoupment obligation or requirement under the Company’s Executive Officer Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy,
as it may be amended from time to time, or pursuant to the terms of any other then-effective Company compensation clawback or
recovery policy, as may be established or amended from time to time, to the extent such policies are applicable to Participant.
17. Restrictions on Sale of Securities. Any sale of the Shares issued under this Agreement will be subject to any market
blackout-period that may be imposed by the Company and must comply with the Company’s insider trading policies, and any other
Applicable Laws.
18. Binding Agreement. Subject to the limitation on the transferability of this grant contained herein, this Agreement will
be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto.
19. Additional Conditions to Issuance of Certificates for Shares. If at any time the Company will determine, in its
discretion, that the listing, registration, qualification or rule compliance of the Shares upon any securities exchange or under any
state, federal or foreign law, the tax code and related regulations or under the rulings or regulations of the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory body or the clearance, consent or approval of the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory authority is necessary or desirable as a condition to the
issuance of Shares to Participant (or his or her estate) hereunder, such issuance will not occur unless and until such listing,
registration, qualification, rule compliance, clearance, consent or approval will have been completed, effected or obtained free of any
conditions not acceptable to the Company. Subject to the terms of the Agreement and the Plan, the Company shall not be required to
issue any certificate or certificates for Shares hereunder prior to the lapse of such reasonable period of time following the date of
vesting of the Restricted Stock Units as the Administrator may establish from time to time for reasons of administrative convenience.
20. Plan Governs. This Agreement and the Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder are subject to all the terms and
provisions of the Plan. In the event of a conflict between one or more provisions of this Agreement and one or more provisions of the
Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. Capitalized terms used and not defined in this Agreement will have the meaning set
forth in the Plan.
21. Administrator Authority. The Administrator will have the power to interpret the Plan and this Agreement and to adopt
such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any
such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether or not any Restricted Stock Units have vested). All actions
taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Administrator in good faith will be final and binding upon Participant,
the Company and all other interested persons. No member of the Administrator will be personally liable for any action,
determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or this Agreement.
22. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related
to Restricted Stock Units awarded under the Plan or
-11-

future Restricted Stock Units that may be awarded under the Plan by electronic means or request Participant’s consent to participate
in the Plan by electronic means. Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to
participate in the Plan through any on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party
designated by the Company. To the extent Participant executes the Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Grant by electronic means,
Participant should retain a copy of his or her returned electronically signed Agreement. Participant may obtain a paper copy at any
time and at the Company’s expense by requesting one from Global Equity Plan Services Department (see paragraph 14 of these
Terms and Conditions).
23. English Language Consent. By accepting the Award of Restricted Stock Units, Participant acknowledges and represents
that he or she is proficient in the English language or has consulted with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in English as to
allow Participant to understand the terms of this Agreement and any other documents related to the Plan. If Participant has received
this Agreement or any other documents related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of
translated version is different from the English version, the English version shall control.
24. Captions. Captions provided herein are for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or
construction of this Agreement.
25. Agreement Severable. In the event that any provision in this Agreement will be held invalid or unenforceable, such
provision will be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining
provisions of this Agreement.
26. Governing Law and Venue. This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the
state of California without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises
under this Award of Restricted Stock Units or this Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State
of California, and agree that such litigation will be conducted in the courts of San Francisco County, California, or the federal courts
for the United States for the Northern District of California, and no other courts, where this Award of Restricted Stock Units is made
and/or to be performed.
27. Modifications to the Agreement. Participant expressly warrants that he or she is not accepting this Agreement in
reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained herein. Modifications to this Agreement can be
made only in an express written contract executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in the Plan or this Agreement, the Company reserves the right to amend this Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable,
in its sole discretion and without the consent of Participant, to comply with Section 409A of the Code or to otherwise avoid
imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Section 409A of the Code prior to the actual payment of Shares
pursuant to this Award of Restricted Stock Units, or if necessary to comply with any applicable laws in the jurisdiction in which
Participant resides and/or is rendering services.
-12-

28. Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan. By accepting this Award, Participant expressly warrants that he or
she has received an Award of Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, and that he or she has received, read and understood a
description of the Plan. Participant understands that the Plan is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or
terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan.
29. Waiver. Participant acknowledges that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not
operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by Participant or any other
Participant.
30. Country Addendum. Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Restricted Stock Unit grant shall be subject
to any special terms and conditions set forth in any appendix to this Agreement for Participant’s country (the “Country Addendum”).
Moreover, if Participant relocates to one of the countries included in the Country Addendum, the special terms and conditions for
such country will apply to Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is
necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Country Addendum constitutes part of this Agreement.
31. Insider Trading and Market Abuse Laws. Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse
laws based on the exchange on which the Shares are listed and in applicable jurisdictions, including the United States, Participant’s
country and any stock plan service provider’s country, which may affect Participant’s ability to acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of
Shares, rights to Shares (e.g., Restricted Stock Units) or rights linked to the value of Shares during such times as Participant is
considered to have material non-public information or “inside information” regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in
applicable jurisdictions). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders Participant
placed before he or she possessed inside information. Furthermore, Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside
information to any third party, including fellow employees (other than on a “need to know” basis), and (ii) “tipping” third parties or
causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to
any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. Participant acknowledges that it is his or
her responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and Participant should speak to his or her personal advisor on this
matter.
32. Foreign Asset or Account and Exchange Control Reporting. Participant’s country may have certain exchange controls
and foreign asset or account reporting requirements that may affect his or her ability to purchase or hold Shares under the Plan or
receive cash from his or her participation in the Plan (including from any dividends or Dividend Equivalents received or sale
proceeds arising from the sale of Shares) in a brokerage or bank account outside Participant’s country. Participant may be required to
report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax or other authorities in his or her country. Further, Participant may be required to
repatriate proceeds acquired as a result of participating in the Plan to his or her country through a designated bank or broker or
within a certain time. Participant acknowledges and agrees that it is his or her responsibility to be compliant with such regulations
and understands that Participant should speak with his or her personal legal advisor for any details regarding any foreign asset or
account
-13-

reporting or exchange control reporting requirements in Participant’s country arising out of his or her participation in the Plan.
-14-

Exhibit 10.6
June 8, 2023
Sabastian Niles
[REDACTED]
Dear Sabastian,
I am pleased to offer you a position with Salesforce, Inc. (the "Company") as President and Chief Legal Officer for a start date of
August 1, 2023, reporting to Marc Benioff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. This offer of employment is contingent upon
acceptable results from a background investigation. This offer is also contingent upon your being eligible to work in the United
States. For purposes of federal immigration law, you will be required to provide the Company documentary evidence of your identity
and eligibility for employment in the United States. Such documentation must be provided to us within three (3) business days of
your hire date, or your employment may be terminated. If you require work sponsorship, the Company will sponsor you for a work
visa to the extent of your eligibility.
In the event Salesforce is required to obtain an U.S. Department of Commerce Bureau of Industry & Security export license for your
employment, this offer is contingent upon receipt of that license. In support of that application process, you will be required to
provide additional information to support the U.S. export license application submission.
I. Compensation
Base Salary
If you decide to join us, you will receive an initial annual base salary of $900,000, which will be paid semi-monthly in accordance
with the Company's normal payroll procedures. Your base salary and any other amounts or benefits you are entitled to receive from
the Company will be paid or provided to you less applicable withholdings.
Gratitude Bonus
In addition, you will be eligible to receive an initial annual discretionary bonus pursuant to the Company’s Gratitude Bonus Plan
based on your individual performance, Company performance, and the Company’s funding formula. Your initial bonus target for the
Company’s fiscal year (February 1 through January 31) shall be 100% of your base salary and will be paid according to the terms of
the Gratitude Bonus Plan, which is subject to change at the Company’s discretion, and prorated accordingly for any fiscal year in
which you do not work a full twelve months.

Sign-On Bonus
We are also pleased to offer you a one-time sign on bonus of $3,000,000 less applicable withholding. The payment or receipt of a
sign-on bonus does not change your status as an at-will employee of the Company.
In the event you voluntarily terminate your employment with the Company for any reason (other than Good Reason) within two
years after your employment start date, or the Company terminates your employment for Cause within two years after your
employment start date, you agree to repay the Company net of income tax, on the date of your termination, the pro rata amount of
any hiring bonus paid to you pursuant to this paragraph, calculated based on the number of months and days you were in the
Company’s employment.
For purposes of this letter offer of employment, “Good Reason” and “Cause” shall be as defined in the Change of Control and
Retention Agreement.
II. Equity Grants
Restricted Stock Units
In addition, we intend to recommend that you be granted, subject to the approval of the Company’s Board of Directors (“the
Board”), Restricted Stock Units (“RSUs”), the number of which shall be calculated as follows: $5,500,000 USD divided by the
average closing sale price of one share of Salesforce common stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on the date of
grant. The RSUs shall vest 25% on the first anniversary of the grant date and 1/16th of the grant amount each quarter thereafter,
subject to the terms and restrictions set forth in the RSU Award agreement and Salesforce, Inc. equity plan(s), as may be modified
from time to time (the “2013 Equity Incentive Plan”).
Performance Restricted Stock Units
In addition, we intend to recommend that you be granted, subject to the approval of the Company’s Board of Directors (“the
Board”), Performance-based Restricted Stock Units (“PRSUs”) in the amount of $5,500,000 USD. The PRSU grant value will be
converted into units using the fair market value of one PRSU share on the date in which the PRSU Award is granted. The earned
PRSU Award at the end of the three-year performance period, if any, will be based on a) 50% on the achievement of non-GAAP
operating margin targets for each of the 2024, 2025, and 2026 fiscal years (with ⅙ of the total target shares tied to each of the
three, one-year measurement periods), and b) 50% on the achievement of relative total shareholder return (“rTSR”) over the threeyear performance period from the date of grant, all subject to the terms and restrictions set forth in the Stock Plan and the PRSU
Award agreement.
Conditions Applicable to RSUs and PRSUs
The above grants are subject to the terms and conditions of the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan and your grant agreement(s), which will
be provided to you shortly after the grant date, and the laws of your state and/or country of residence. The vesting date of RSU and
PRSU grants will be set upon the Board’s approval and you will be notified in writing of the same. The Company will provide you
with a copy of the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan upon request.
The Company reserves the absolute right in its sole discretion to suspend, modify, cancel or terminate the 2013 Equity Incentive
Plan at any time without compensation to you or any other of the participating employees. Your participation in the 2013 Equity
Incentive Plan is entirely

voluntary and the benefits that are afforded under the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan do not form an employment contract with the
Company or its subsidiaries. The RSUs and PRSUs acquired under the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan are not part of your salary or
other remuneration for any purposes, including, in the event your employment is terminated, for purposes of computing payment
during any notice period, payment in lieu of notice, severance pay, other termination compensation or indemnity (if any) or any
similar payments. You remain responsible to comply with any applicable legal requirements in connection with your participation in
the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan and for any taxes arising from the grant, vesting or exercise of RSUs, PRSUs, the subsequent sale
of your shares and the receipt of any dividends (regardless of any tax withholding and/or reporting obligations). Further, we
recommend that you seek independent advice from your personal accountant or tax advisor at your own expense regarding the tax
implications of your participation in the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan.
III. Employee Benefits
As a Company employee, you are also eligible to receive certain employee benefits. The Company reserves the right to change the
benefits and compensation programs at any time. Health care will be provided through Cigna for yourself and your eligible family
members.
Severance Benefits
In the event the Company terminates your employment for reasons other than Cause as defined in Section I. above and conditional
upon you signing a full and final release of claims in the Company’s standard form, you will be eligible for severance payments
equal to one year of your annual base salary plus an amount equal to your annual bonus target, each at the level in effect
immediately prior to your termination date, to be paid, less applicable withholdings, in monthly installments for twelve (12) months
following your termination date. Eligibility for the severance payments is also conditional upon not providing services to a
competitor, as determined by the Company.
IV. At-Will Employment
If you choose to accept this offer, your employment with the Company will be “at-will” and will be for no specified period. As a result,
you will be free to resign at any time, for any reason or for no reason, as you deem appropriate. The Company will have a similar
right and may conclude its employment relationship with you at any time, with or without cause or advance notice. This also means
that the Company can change or modify the terms and conditions of your employment including, without limitation, your job duties,
reporting structure and compensation, at any time with or without cause. Nothing in this offer letter modifies or changes your status
as an at-will employee.
You will be located in New York.
You will be entitled to have and enter into the Change of Control and Retention Agreement and the Indemnity Agreement in the
Company’s updated customary forms for senior executive officers.
V. Obligations to Third Parties
In your work for the Company, you will be prohibited from using or disclosing any confidential, proprietary or trade secret
information of any former employer or other person to whom you have an obligation of confidentiality. Rather, you will be required to
use only information that is generally known and used by persons with training and experience comparable to your own, is

common knowledge in the industry or otherwise legally in the public domain, or is otherwise provided or developed by the
Company. You agree that you will not bring onto Company premises or use in your work for the Company any unpublished
documents or property belonging to any former employer or third party that you are not authorized to use and disclose. You further
represent that when working for the Company, you will not violate the terms of any restrictive contract you might have signed with a
former employer or other person. By accepting employment with the Company, you are representing that you will be able to perform
your job duties within these parameters.
In the event any previous employer of yours alleges that your joining the Company is a breach of a non-compete or other
restrictive-covenant agreement between you and that employer, you understand that the Company will not indemnify you or pay for
your representation against any such claims. You further understand that if a court or arbitrator determines or mandates that you
may not work for the Company for a period of time as a result of a restrictive covenant that you signed with a previous employer,
you will not be entitled to any pay or equity vesting from the Company during that period and the Company may terminate your
employment. You understand that you are responsible for obtaining your own legal advice on the enforceability and extent of any
restrictive covenants you have signed with any former employer.
VI. Arbitration Agreement
Attached to this offer letter is an arbitration agreement for your review. Once you have reviewed it, please sign and date it where
indicated and return it along with the other documents provided with this offer letter in the enclosed envelope.
VII. Outside Business Activities and Board Membership
Because of the nature of the Company’s business and the identities of our customers, partners and prospects, outside activities
(including for example sitting on the board of another company) may present many areas of actual or potential conflict. If you wish
to engage in any outside activities that take time away from your job at the Company, create a possible conflict with the Company
or are related in any way to the Company’s business, you must disclose these activities to the Company immediately and prior to
your start date.
VIII. Section 409A
The Company intends for all payments and benefits under this offer letter to comply with or be exempt from the requirements of
Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any guidance promulgated thereunder (“Section 409A”) so
that you will not be subject to an additional tax under Section 409A on any payments or benefits under this offer letter, and any
ambiguities or ambiguous terms herein will be interpreted to so comply or be exempt. As a result, payment of all or a portion of any
termination-related benefits will be delayed until the first payroll date that occurs on or after the date that is 6 months and 1 day
following your termination of employment if and to the extent necessary to avoid subjecting you to an additional tax under Section
409A on any such termination-related payments. In addition, each payment and benefit payable under this offer letter is intended to
constitute a separate payment for purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations. You and the Company agree to
work together in good faith to consider amendments to this offer letter and to take such reasonable actions that are necessary,
appropriate or desirable to avoid subjecting you to an additional tax or income recognition under Section 409A prior to actual
payment of any payments and benefits under this offer letter, as applicable. In no event will the Company reimburse you for any
taxes that may be imposed on you as a result of Section 409A.

IX. Miscellaneous
You will be asked to provide your social security number for an I-9 form as part of your on-boarding process. Please note that we
will also be using your social security number for purposes of benefits and payroll administration.
This offer letter fully sets forth all of your compensation information and other terms of your employment with the Company, and you
agree that in making your decision to join the Company you are not relying on any oral or other representations concerning any
other compensation or consideration or the duration of your employment with the Company, including but not limited to any value
associated with your stock options or restricted stock units, or any other terms of employment.
This offer of employment expires on June 16, 2023. To indicate your acceptance of the Company’s offer, please sign and date this
letter in the space provided below. In addition to this offer letter and the attached Arbitration Agreement, you will also be required to
sign the Change of Control and Retention Agreement, the Indemnity Agreement, an Employee Inventions and Proprietary Rights
Assignment Agreement (“Proprietary Rights Agreement”) and the Company’s Global Employee Handbook and Code of Conduct as
a condition of your employment. This offer letter, along with any agreements relating to proprietary rights between you and the
Company and the Arbitration Agreement, set forth the terms of your employment with the Company and supersede any prior
representations or agreements, whether written or oral. Except for at-will employment and the arbitration agreement, the Company
reserves the right to revise, amend or modify the terms of employment. Any revision or amendment of at-will employment or the
arbitration agreement must be in writing, signed by the parties. No oral statements or representations can change the provisions of
this offer letter.
We look forward to working with you at Salesforce. Welcome aboard!
Best Regards,
/s/ Brent Hyder
Brent Hyder
President, Chief People Officer
AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED
/s/ Sabastian Niles 6/9/2023
Sabastian Niles Date

Exhibit 31.1
CERTIFICATION
I, Marc Benioff, certify that:
1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Salesforce, Inc.;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have:
a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control
over financial reporting.
May 29, 2024 /s/ MARC BENIOFF
Marc Benioff
Chair of the Board of Directors and
Chief Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer)

Exhibit 31.2
CERTIFICATION
I, Amy Weaver, certify that:
1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Salesforce, Inc.;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d15(f)) for the registrant and have:
a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control
over financial reporting.
May 29, 2024 /s/ AMY WEAVER
Amy Weaver
President and Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer)

Exhibit 32.1
CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT TO
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
Based on my knowledge, I, Marc Benioff, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that the Quarterly Report of Salesforce, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 30, 2024 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of Salesforce, Inc.
May 29, 2024 /s/ MARC BENIOFF
Marc Benioff
Chair of the Board of Directors and
Chief Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer)
Based on my knowledge, I, Amy Weaver, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that the Quarterly Report of Salesforce, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 30, 2024 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of Salesforce, Inc.
May 29, 2024 /s/ AMY WEAVER
Amy Weaver
President and Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer)

================================================================================
FILE: CRMQ1FY25EarningsPresentation.pdf
================================================================================

--- Page 1 ---
Financial Update
Q1 FY25
NYSE: CRM
@Salesforce_ir

--- Page 2 ---
"Safe harbor" statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: This presentation contains forward-looking statements about the Company's financial and operating 
results and guidance, which include, but are not limited to, expected GAAP and non-GAAP financial and other operating and non-operating results, including revenue, net income, earnings 
per share, operating cash flow growth, operating margin, expected revenue growth, expected foreign currency exchange rate impact, expected current remaining performance obligation 
growth, expected tax rates or provisions, stock-based compensation expenses, amortization of purchased intangibles, shares outstanding, market growth, strategic investments, expected 
restructuring expense or charges, and expected timing of product releases and enhancements. The achievement or success of the matters covered by such forward-looking statements 
involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions. If any such risks or uncertainties materialize or if any of the assumptions prove incorrect, the Company’s results or outcomes could differ 
materially and adversely from those expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.
The risks and uncertainties referred to above include -- but are not limited to -- risks associated with: our ability to maintain sufficient security levels and service performance, avoid 
downtime and prevent, detect and remediate performance degradation and security breaches; our ability to secure sufficient data center capacity; our reliance on third-party infrastructure 
providers, including hardware, software and platform providers and the organizations responsible for the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the Internet; uncertainties 
regarding AI technologies and their integration into our product offerings; our ability to achieve our aspirations, goals and projections related to our environmental, social and governance 
(“ESG”) initiatives; the effect of evolving government regulations, including those related to our industry and providing services on or accessing the Internet, and those addressing ESG 
matters, data privacy, cybersecurity, cross-border data transfers, government contracting and procurement, and import and export controls; current and potential litigation and regulatory 
investigations involving us or our industry; our ability to successfully expand or introduce new services and product features; our ability to successfully complete, integrate and realize the 
benefits from acquisitions or other strategic transactions; uncertainties regarding the pace of change and innovation and our ability to compete in the markets in which we participate; our 
ability to successfully execute our business strategy and our business plans, including efforts to expand internationally and related risks; our ability to predict and meet expectations 
regarding our operating results and cash flows, including revenue and remaining performance obligation, including as a result of the seasonal nature of our sales cycle and the variability in 
our results arising from the accounting for term license revenue products and some complex transactions; our ability to predict and limit customer attrition and costs related to those 
efforts; the demands on our personnel and infrastructure resulting from significant growth in our customer base and operations, including as a result of acquisitions; our real estate and 
office facilities strategy and related costs and uncertainties; the performance of our strategic investment portfolio, including fluctuations in the fair value of our investments; our ability to 
protect our intellectual property rights; our ability to maintain and enhance our brands; uncertainties regarding the valuation and potential availability of certain tax assets; the impact of 
new accounting pronouncements and tax laws; uncertainties affecting our ability to estimate our tax rate, including our tax obligations in connection with potential jurisdictional transfer of 
intellectual property; uncertainties regarding the effect of geopolitical events, inflationary pressures, market and macroeconomic volatility, financial institution instability, changes in 
monetary policy, foreign currency exchange rate and interest rate fluctuations, a potential shutdown of the U.S. federal government and climate change, natural disasters and actual or 
threatened public health emergencies on our workforce, business, and operating results; uncertainties regarding the impact of expensing stock options and other equity awards; the 
sufficiency of our capital resources, including our ability to execute our share repurchase program and declare future cash dividends; our ability to comply with our debt covenants and 
lease obligations; and uncertainties regarding impacts to our workforce and workplace culture, such as those arising from our current and future office environments or remote work 
policies or our ability to realize the expected benefits of the restructuring plan.
Further information on these and other factors that could affect the Company’s actual results or outcomes is included in the reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K and in other filings it 
makes with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time. These documents are available on the SEC Filings section of the Financials section of the Company’s website at 
http://investor.salesforce.com/financials/. Salesforce, Inc. assumes no obligation and does not intend to revise or update publicly these forward-looking statements for any reason, except 
as required by law.
2
Safe Harbor

--- Page 3 ---
 - Salesforce is the #1 CRM software provider worldwide by revenue for 11 consecutive years1
- Consistently delivering durable revenue growth, more than tripling from $10.5 billion in FY18 to $34.9 billion in FY24
 - Fastest growing top five enterprise software company with $34.9 billion in revenue in FY24
 - Uniquely positioned to help our customers drive broad-based digital transformation
Delivering profitable growth at scale
Company Overview
1
Source: IDC, Worldwide Semiannual Software Tracker, April 2024. CRM market includes the following IDC-defined functional markets: Sales Force Productivity and Management, Marketing Campaign Management, Customer 
Service, Contact Center, Advertising and Digital Commerce Applications. 3

--- Page 4 ---
Financial Overview
Quarterly Results
4

--- Page 5 ---
1
The non-GAAP columns present non-GAAP financial metrics, including non-GAAP operating margin, free cash flow and the related non-GAAP growth rates as compared to prior periods. Non-GAAP revenue and non-GAAP current 
performance obligation ("cRPO") represent constant currency ("CC") results. Refer to slides 7 and 8 for explanations of non-GAAP CC revenue growth and slide 10 for non-GAAP CC cRPO growth. Refer to the Appendix for an 
explanation of non-GAAP financial measures, why we believe these measures can be helpful and a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures, when applicable.
2Diluted Earnings Per Share is calculated using GAAP revenue.
Q1 FY25 Financial Summary
$9,167M 11%
$8,617M 13%
N/A 10%
N/A N/A
32.1% 450 bps
$2.44 44%
N/A N/A
$6,084M 43%
$9,133M 11%
$8,585M 12%
$26.4B 10%
$53.9B 15%
18.7% 1,370 bps
$1.56 680%
$6,247M 39%
N/A N/A
Quarterly Results Change Y/Y Quarterly Results Change Y/Y
GAAP Non-GAAP1
Total Revenue
Current Remaining Performance Obligation
Total Remaining Performance Obligation
Operating Margin
Diluted Earnings Per Share2
Operating Cash Flow
5
Our framework for profitable growth generated strong financial results
Free Cash Flow1
Subscription & Support Revenue

--- Page 6 ---
Guidance
6
Q2 FY25
Guidance1
Full Year FY25
Guidance1
Total Revenue $9.20 - $9.25 Billion $37.7 - $38.0 Billion
 Y/Y Growth 7 - 8% 8 - 9%
 FX Impact2($50M) Y/Y FX ($100M) Y/Y FX
Subscription & Support Revenue Growth (Y/Y)3 N/A Slightly below 10%, 
Approx 10% CC
GAAP Operating Margin N/A 19.9%
Non-GAAP Operating Margin4 N/A 32.5%
GAAP Diluted Earnings per Share4$1.31 - $1.33 $6.04 - $6.12
Non-GAAP Diluted Earnings per Share4$2.34 - $2.36 $9.86 - $9.94
Operating Cash Flow Growth (Y/Y) N/A 21% - 24%
Current Remaining Performance Obligation Growth (Y/Y) 9% N/A
 FX Impact2($200M) Y/Y FX N/A
1
This guidance does not reflect any potential future gains or losses on our strategic investment portfolio, as it is not possible to forecast future gains and losses, and is based on estimated GAAP tax rates 
that reflect the Company’s currently available information and excludes forecasted discrete tax items such as excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation. The GAAP tax rates may fluctuate due 
to discrete tax items and related effects in conjunction with certain provisions in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, future acquisitions or other transactions.
2
Revenue FX impact is calculated by taking the current period rates compared to the prior period average rates. Current Remaining Performance Obligation FX impact is calculated by taking the current 
period rates compared to the prior period ending rates. 
3
Subscription & Support revenue excludes professional services revenue.
4Non-GAAP operating margin and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share are non-GAAP financial measures. Refer to the Appendix for an explanation of non-GAAP financial measures. The Company's 
shares used in computing GAAP diluted earnings per share guidance and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share guidance excludes any impact to share count from potential Q2 - Q4 FY25 repurchase 
activity under our Share Repurchase Program.
Compounding top and bottom-line growth
6

--- Page 7 ---
Subscription & Support and Acquisition Growth Trends
Q1 FY25 Disaggregation of Revenue
7
FY24 FY25
Year-over-Year Growth in 
Constant Currency1 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1
Sales 13% 12% 10% 10% 11%
Service 13% 12% 11% 12% 11%
Platform and Other 12% 11% 11% 10% 10%
Marketing and Commerce 10% 10% 8% 7% 10%
Integration and Analytics220% 16% 22% 21% 25%
Total Subscription & Support 
Revenue 13% 12% 12% 12% 13%
MuleSoft Total Revenue (CC)3
26% 17% 26% 19% 27%
Tableau Total Revenue (CC)3
12% 13% 16% 20% 21%
Slack Total Revenue3,4 20% 16% 18% 16% 17%
1Non-GAAP revenue CC growth rates as compared to the comparable prior period. Refer to the Appendix for an explanation of constant currency calculations and the basis of presentation. 
2
In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024, the Company renamed the service offering previously referred to as Data to Integration and Analytics, which includes MuleSoft and Tableau. 
3MuleSoft, Tableau and Slack's contributions to total revenue include professional services revenue and subscription and support revenue. 
4Historically, Slack has seen minimal exposure to FX. 

--- Page 8 ---
Incremental investments in international markets driving growth
Q1 FY25 Revenue by Region
8
FY24 FY25
Year-Over-Year Growth in 
Constant Currency1 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1
Americas 10% 10% 9% 9% 11%
EMEA 17% 11% 10% 11% 9%
APAC 24% 24% 21% 19% 21%
Total Revenue213% 11% 10% 10% 11%
1Non-GAAP revenue CC growth rates as compared to the comparable prior period. Refer to the Appendix for an explanation of constant currency calculations and the basis of presentation. 
2
Revenues by geography are determined based on the region of the Company's contracting entity, which may be different than the region of the customer.

--- Page 9 ---
Q1 FY25 Non-GAAP Expense Profile 
1Non-GAAP operating margin is the proportion of non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue and is a non-GAAP financial measure. Non-GAAP expense as a percentage of revenue is the proportion of non-GAAP 
expense categories as a percentage of GAAP revenue and is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the Appendix for an explanation of which items are excluded from our non-GAAP financial measures and why we believe these measures 
can be useful, as well as a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures, when applicable.
1,370 bps
GAAP Operating Margin
450 bps
Non-GAAP Operating Margin1
72%
68% 69% 68% 68%
32% 30%
21% 20%
12% 12%
7% 6%
Non-GAAP Sales & Marketing % of Revenue
Non-GAAP Cost of Revenues % of Revenue
Non-GAAP Research & Development % of Revenue
Non-GAAP General & Administrative % of Revenue
Q1'24 Q2'24 Q3'24 Q4'24 Q1'25
9
Q1 FY25
Y/Y
A New Day for Profitable Growth — driving efficiency across the business 
1
1
1
1

--- Page 10 ---
Q1 FY25 Key Financial Metric Trends
10
FY24 FY25
Year-over-Year Growth Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1
Current Remaining Performance 
Obligation (cRPO) GAAP / CC1
12% / 12% 12% / 11% 14% / 13% 12% / 13% 10% / 10%
FX $ (Headwind) / Tailwind2— — — — ($200M)
Total Remaining Performance 
Obligation 11% 12% 21% 17% 15%
Operating Cash Flow 22% 142% 389% 22% 39%
Free Cash Flow321% 379% 1088% 27% 43%
1
To present non-GAAP CC cRPO growth, cRPO balances in local currencies in previous comparable periods are converted using the United States dollar currency exchange rate as of the most recent balance sheet date.
2
Effective Q1'25, we are disclosing the FX (headwind) / tailwind in dollars to cRPO.
3
Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the Appendix for an explanation of non-GAAP financial measures and why we believe these measures can be useful, as well as a table including a reconciliation of free 
cash flow to the most comparable GAAP financial measure.

--- Page 11 ---
In Q1'25, More Than $2.5B Capital Returned
0% YoY
Diluted Share Count
(1)% —%
Diluted Share Count YoY
Q1'24 Q2'24 Q3'24 Q4'24 Q1'25
11
988M 985M Q1 FY25
$13.9B
Repurchased Since 
Inception of the Total 
$30B Authorized
$388M
First Ever Quarterly 
Dividend Payment

--- Page 12 ---
Thank you
12

--- Page 13 ---
Appendix
13

--- Page 14 ---
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
This presentation includes information about non-GAAP earnings per share, non-GAAP income from operations, non-GAAP 
expenses, non-GAAP operating margin, free cash flow and constant currency revenue and constant currency current 
remaining performance obligation growth rates (collectively the “non-GAAP financial measures”). These non-GAAP financial 
measures are measurements of financial performance that are not prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted 
accounting principles and computational methods may differ from those used by other companies. Non-GAAP financial 
measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read 
only in conjunction with the Company’s condensed consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
Management uses both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures when planning, monitoring and evaluating the Company’s 
performance.
The primary purpose of using non-GAAP financial measures is to provide supplemental information that may prove useful 
to investors and to enable investors to evaluate the Company’s results in the same way management does. Management 
believes that supplementing GAAP disclosure with non-GAAP disclosure provides investors with a more complete view of 
the Company’s operational performance and allows for meaningful period-to-period comparisons and analysis of trends in 
the Company’s business. Further, to the extent that other companies use similar methods in calculating non-GAAP financial 
measures, the provision of supplemental non-GAAP information can allow for a comparison of the Company’s relative 
performance against other companies that also report non-GAAP operating results.
Non-GAAP operating margin is the proportion of non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue. 
Non-GAAP income from operations excludes the impact of the following items: stock-based compensation expense, 
amortization of acquisition-related intangibles and charges related to the restructuring initiatives.
Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share excludes, to the extent applicable, the impact of the following items: stock-based 
compensation expense, amortization of purchased intangibles, charges related to the restructuring initiatives and income 
tax adjustments. These items are excluded because the decisions that give rise to them are not made to increase revenue 
in a particular period, but instead for the Company’s long-term benefit over multiple periods.
The Company defines the non-GAAP measure free cash flow as GAAP net cash provided by operating activities, less capital 
expenditures.
Constant currency information is provided as a framework for assessing how our underlying business performed excluding 
the effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations. To present constant currency revenue, current and comparative prior period 
results for entities reporting in currencies other than United States dollars are converted into United States dollars at the 
weighted average exchange rate for the quarter being compared to for growth rate calculations presented, rather than the 
actual exchange rates in effect during that period. To present current remaining performance obligation on a constant 
currency basis, we convert the current remaining performance obligation balances in local currencies in previous 
comparable periods using the United States dollar currency exchange rate as of the most recent balance sheet date. 14

--- Page 15 ---
GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Reconciliation
(in millions) Three Months Ended April 30, Full Year FY25 
Non-GAAP income from operations Guidance 12023 2024 Non-GAAP Operating Margin
GAAP income from operations $ 412 $ 1,709 GAAP operating margin219.9%
Plus: Plus:
 Amortization of purchased intangibles 471 461 Amortization of purchased intangibles3 4.3 %
 Stock-based compensation expense4 680 750 Stock-based compensation expense3,4 8.2 %
 Restructuring 711 8 Restructuring3,4 0.1 %
Non-GAAP income from operations2$ 2,274 $ 2,928 Non-GAAP operating margin2 32.5 %
Revenue 8,247 9,133 
Non-GAAP operating margin2 27.6 % 32.1 %
(in millions) Three Months Ended April 30,
Computations of free cash flow, a non-GAAP 
measure 2023 2024
GAAP net cash provided by operating activities $ 4,491 $ 6,247 
 (Capital expenditures) (243) (163) 
Free cash flow $ 4,248 $ 6,084 
Three Months Ended April 30, Full Year FY25
Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share 2023 2024 Q2 FY25 Guidance Guidance
GAAP diluted net income per share $ 0.20 $ 1.56 $1.31 - $1.33 $6.04 - $6.12
Plus:
 Amortization of purchased intangibles 0.48 0.47 0.46 1.63 
 Stock-based compensation expense4 0.69 0.76 0.79 3.12 
 Restructuring 0.72 0.01 0.02 0.06 
 (Income tax effects and adjustments) (0.40) (0.36) (0.24) (0.99) 
Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share $ 1.69 $ 2.44 $2.34 - $2.36 $9.86 - $9.94
Shares used in computing Non-GAAP diluted net 
income per share (millions) 988 985 988 992 
1Used to calculate non-GAAP Operating Margin by dividing non-GAAP income from operations by GAAP revenue.
2GAAP operating margin is the proportion of GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue. Non-GAAP operating margin is the proportion of non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue. 
Non-GAAP income from operations excludes the impact of the amortization of purchased intangibles, stock-based compensation expense and charges related to the Company's restructuring initiatives.
3
The percentages shown above have been calculated based on the midpoint of the low and high ends of the revenue guidance for full year FY25.
4
The percentages shown in the restructuring line have been calculated based on charges associated with the Company's restructuring initiatives. Stock-based compensation expense excludes stock-based compensation expense 
related to the Company's restructuring initiatives, which is included in the restructuring line. 15

--- Page 16 ---
GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Reconciliation
(in millions)
Period Q1 FY24 Q2 FY24 Q3 FY24 Q4 FY24 Q1 FY25
Revenue 8,247 8,603 8,720 9,287 9,133 
GAAP Cost of Revenues 2,125 2,113 2,155 2,148 2,162 
Less:
 Amortization of purchased intangibles 248 250 245 235 238 
 Stock-based compensation expense1
 103 112 109 107 119 
Non-GAAP Cost of Revenues 1,774 1,751 1,801 1,806 1,805 
Non-GAAP Cost of Revenues as a % of Revenue2
 21 % 20 % 21 % 19 % 20 %
GAAP Sales and Marketing Expense 3,154 3,113 3,173 3,437 3,239 
Less:
 Amortization of purchased intangibles 223 222 223 223 223 
 Stock-based compensation expense1
 263 277 275 247 290 
Non-GAAP Sales and Marketing Expense 2,668 2,614 2,675 2,967 2,726 
Non-GAAP Sales and Marketing Expense as a % of Revenue2 32 % 30 % 31 % 32 % 30 %
GAAP Research and Development Expense 1,207 1,220 1,204 1,275 1,368 
Less:
 Stock-based compensation expense1
 241 256 238 237 260 
Non-GAAP Research and Development Expense 966 964 966 1,038 1,108 
Non-GAAP Research and Development Expense as a % of 
Revenue2 12 % 11 % 11 % 11 % 12 %
GAAP General and Administrative Expense 638 632 632 632 647 
Less:
 Stock-based compensation expense1
 73 79 71 76 81 
Non-GAAP General and Administrative Expense 565 553 561 556 566 
Non-GAAP General and Administrative Expense as a % of 
Revenue2 7 % 7 % 6 % 6 % 6 %
1
Stock-based compensation expense included in the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation tables above excludes those expenses related to the Company's restructuring initiatives. For the three months ended January 31, 2024 and 
April 30, 2023, $7 million and $16 million of such expense is excluded, respectively. For the three months ended April 30, 2023, this stock-based compensation expense related to restructuring initiatives is included in the 
restructuring line on slide 15. No other quarters presented in this slide incurred stock-based compensation expense related to restructuring.
2Non-GAAP expense categories as a % of revenue are calculated using GAAP revenue. 16

================================================================================
FILE: CRMQ1FY25EarningsPressReleasewfinancials.pdf
================================================================================

--- Page 1 ---
Salesforce Announces First Quarter Fiscal 2025 Results
SAN FRANCISCO, Calif. - May 29, 2024 - Salesforce (NYSE: CRM), the #1 AI CRM, today announced results for 
its first quarter fiscal 2025 ended April 30, 2024.
First Quarter Highlights
• First Quarter Revenue of $9.13 Billion, up 11% Year-Over-Year ("Y/Y"), up 11% in Constant Currency
("CC"), inclusive of Subscription & Support Revenue of $8.59 Billion, up 12% Y/Y
• First Quarter GAAP Operating Margin of 18.7% and non-GAAP Operating Margin of 32.1%
• Current Remaining Performance Obligation of $26.4 Billion, up 10% Y/Y, up 10% in CC
• First Quarter Operating Cash Flow of $6.25 Billion, up 39% Y/Y, and Free Cash Flow of $6.08 Billion,
up 43% Y/Y
• Returned $2.2 Billion in the Form of Share Repurchases and $0.4 Billion in Dividend Payments to
Stockholders
FY25 Guidance Highlights
• Initiates Second Quarter FY25 Revenue Guidance of $9.20 Billion to $9.25 Billion, up 7% - 8% Y/Y
• Maintains Full Year FY25 Revenue Guidance of $37.7 Billion to $38.0 Billion, up 8% - 9% Y/Y and
Lowers Full Year FY25 Subscription & Support Revenue Growth Guidance to Slightly Below 10%
Y/Y & Approximately 10% in CC
• Lowers Full Year FY25 GAAP Operating Margin Guidance to 19.9% and Maintains non-GAAP
Operating Margin Guidance of 32.5%
• Maintains Full Year FY25 Operating Cash Flow Growth Guidance of 21% to 24% Y/Y
“Our profitable growth trajectory continues to drive strong cash flow generation. Q1 operating cash flow was $6.25 
billion, up 39% year-over-year. Q1 free cash flow was $6.1 billion, up 43% year-over-year, ” said Marc Benioff, Chair 
and CEO, Salesforce. “We are at the beginning of a massive opportunity for our customers to connect with their 
customers in a whole new way with AI. As the world’s #1 AI CRM, we’re incredibly well positioned to help companies 
realize the promise of AI over the next decade.”
“We delivered another quarter of disciplined profitable growth, with GAAP operating margin of 18.7%, up 1,370 
basis points year-over-year, and Non-GAAP operating margin of 32.1%, up 450 basis points year-over year,” said 
Amy Weaver, President and CFO of Salesforce. “We’ve also made significant progress on our capital return 
program, returning more than $14 billion to shareholders since inception, including the payout of our first ever 
quarterly dividend in Q1.”
Guidance
Our guidance includes GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures.

--- Page 2 ---
Q2 FY25 
Guidance
Full Year FY25
Guidance
Total Revenue $9.20 - $9.25 Billion $37.7 - $38.0 Billion
 Y/Y Growth 7 - 8% 8 - 9%
 FX Impact(1) ($50M) Y/Y FX ($100M) Y/Y FX
Subscription & Support Revenue Growth (Y/Y)(2) N/A Slightly below 10%, 
Approx 10% CC
GAAP Operating Margin N/A 19.9%
Non-GAAP Operating Margin(3) N/A 32.5%
GAAP Diluted Earnings per Share(3) $1.31 - $1.33 $6.04 - $6.12
Non-GAAP Diluted Earnings per Share(3) $2.34 - $2.36 $9.86 - $9.94
Operating Cash Flow Growth (Y/Y) N/A 21% - 24%
Current Remaining Performance Obligation Growth (Y/Y) 9% N/A
 FX Impact(4) ($200M) Y/Y FX N/A
(1) Revenue FX impact is calculated by taking the current period rates compared to the prior period average rates.
(2) Subscription & Support revenue excludes professional services revenue.
(3) Non-GAAP operating margin and non-GAAP Diluted EPS are non-GAAP financial measures. See below for an explanation of 
non-GAAP financial measures. The Company's shares used in computing GAAP Diluted EPS guidance and non-GAAP Diluted 
EPS guidance excludes any impact to share count from potential Q2 - Q4 FY25 repurchase activity under our share repurchase 
program.
(4) Current Remaining Performance Obligation FX impact is calculated by taking the current period rates compared to the prior 
period ending rates.
The following is a reconciliation of GAAP operating margin guidance to non-GAAP operating margin guidance for 
the full year:
Full Year FY25 
Guidance
GAAP operating margin(1) 19.9%
Plus
Amortization of purchased intangibles(2) 4.3%
Stock-based compensation expense(2)(3) 8.2%
Restructuring(2)(3) 0.1%
Non-GAAP operating margin(1) 32.5%
(1) GAAP operating margin is the proportion of GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue. Non-GAAP 
operating margin is the proportion of non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue.
(2) The percentages shown above have been calculated based on the midpoint of the low and high ends of the revenue guidance 
for full year FY25. 
(3) The percentages shown in the restructuring line have been calculated based on charges associated with the Company's 
restructuring activities. Stock-based compensation expense included in the full year FY25 guidance GAAP to non-GAAP 
reconciliation table excludes stock-based compensation expense related to the Company's restructuring activities, which is 
included in the restructuring line. 
The following is a per share reconciliation of GAAP diluted EPS to non-GAAP diluted EPS guidance for the next 
quarter and the full year:

--- Page 3 ---
Fiscal 2025
Q2 FY25
GAAP diluted earnings per share range(1)(2) $1.31 - $1.33 $6.04 - $6.12
Plus
Amortization of purchased intangibles $ 0.46 $ 1.63
Stock-based compensation expense $ 0.79 $ 3.12
Restructuring(3) $ 0.02 $ 0.06
Less
Income tax effects and adjustments(4) $ (0.24) $ (0.99)
Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share(2) $2.34 - $2.36 $9.86 - $9.94
Shares used in computing basic net income per share (millions)(5) 974 977
Shares used in computing diluted net income per share (millions)(5) 988 992
(1) The Company's GAAP tax provision is expected to be approximately 24.5% for the three months ended July 31, 2024, and 
approximately 23.0% for the year ended January 31, 2025. The GAAP tax rates may fluctuate due to discrete tax items and 
related effects in conjunction with certain provisions in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, future acquisitions or other transactions.
(2) The Company's projected GAAP and non-GAAP diluted EPS assumes no change to the value of our strategic investment 
portfolio as it is not possible to forecast future gains and losses. The impact of future gains or losses from the Company’s 
strategic investment portfolio could be material.
(3) The estimated impact to GAAP diluted EPS is in connection with the Company's restructuring activities.
(4) The Company’s non-GAAP tax provision uses a long-term projected tax rate of 22.0%, which reflects currently available 
information and could be subject to change.
(5) The Company's shares used in computing GAAP earnings per share guidance and non-GAAP earnings per share guidance 
excludes any impact to share count from potential Q2 - Q4 FY25 repurchase activity under our share repurchase program.
For additional information regarding non-GAAP financial measures see the reconciliation of results and related 
explanations below.
Management will provide further commentary around these guidance assumptions on its earnings call.
Product Releases and Enhancements
Three times a year Salesforce delivers new product releases, services, or enhancements to current products and 
services. These releases are a result of significant research and development investments made over multiple 
years, designed to help customers drive cost savings, boost efficiency, and build trust.
To view our major product releases and other highlights as part of the Summer 2024 Product Release, visit: 
www.salesforce.com/products/summer-24-release.
Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) Strategy
To learn more about our latest initiatives and priorities, visit our recently published Stakeholder Impact Report:
https://salesforce.com/stakeholder-impact-report.
Quarterly Conference Call
Salesforce plans to host a conference call at 2:00 p.m. (PT) / 5:00 p.m. (ET) to discuss its financial results with the 
investment community. A live webcast and replay details of the event will be available on the Salesforce Investor 
Relations website at www.salesforce.com/investor. 
About Salesforce
Salesforce is the #1 AI CRM, empowering companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way through 
the power of CRM + AI + Data + Trust on one unified platform: Einstein 1. For more information visit: 
www.salesforce.com (NYSE: CRM).
Mike Spencer
Salesforce
Investor Relations
investor@salesforce.com

--- Page 4 ---
Carolyn Guss
Salesforce
Public Relations
415-536-4966
pr@salesforce.com
###
"Safe harbor" statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: This press release contains 
forward-looking statements about the Company's financial and operating results and guidance, which include, but 
are not limited to, expected GAAP and non-GAAP financial and other operating and non-operating results, including 
revenue, net income, earnings per share, operating cash flow growth, operating margin, expected revenue growth, 
expected foreign currency exchange rate impact, expected current remaining performance obligation growth, 
expected tax rates or provisions, stock-based compensation expenses, amortization of purchased intangibles, 
shares outstanding, market growth, strategic investments, expected restructuring expense or charges and expected 
timing of product releases and enhancements. The achievement or success of the matters covered by such 
forward-looking statements involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions. If any such risks or uncertainties 
materialize or if any of the assumptions prove incorrect, the Company’s results or outcomes could differ materially 
and adversely from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to 
place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 
The risks and uncertainties referred to above include -- but are not limited to -- risks associated with: 
• our ability to maintain sufficient security levels and service performance, avoid downtime and prevent, 
detect and remediate performance degradation and security breaches; 
• our ability to secure sufficient data center capacity; 
• our reliance on third-party infrastructure providers, including hardware, software and platform providers and 
the organizations responsible for the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the Internet; 
• uncertainties regarding AI technologies and their integration into our product offerings; 
• our ability to achieve our aspirations, goals and projections related to our environmental, social and 
governance (“ESG”) initiatives; 
• the effect of evolving government regulations, including those related to our industry and providing services 
on or accessing the Internet, and those addressing ESG matters, data privacy, cybersecurity, cross-border 
data transfers, government contracting and procurement, and import and export controls; 
• current and potential litigation and regulatory investigations involving us or our industry; 
• our ability to successfully expand or introduce new services and product features; 
• our ability to successfully complete, integrate and realize the benefits from acquisitions or other strategic 
transactions; 
• uncertainties regarding the pace of change and innovation and our ability to compete in the markets in 
which we participate; 
• our ability to successfully execute our business strategy and our business plans, including efforts to expand 
internationally and related risks; 
• our ability to predict and meet expectations regarding our operating results and cash flows, including 
revenue and remaining performance obligation, including as a result of the seasonal nature of our sales 
cycle and the variability in our results arising from the accounting for term license revenue products and 
some complex transactions; 
• our ability to predict and limit customer attrition and costs related to those efforts; 
• the demands on our personnel and infrastructure resulting from significant growth in our customer base and 
operations, including as a result of acquisitions; 
• our real estate and office facilities strategy and related costs and uncertainties; 
• the performance of our strategic investment portfolio, including fluctuations in the fair value of our 
investments; 
• our ability to protect our intellectual property rights; 
• our ability to maintain and enhance our brands; 
• uncertainties regarding the valuation and potential availability of certain tax assets; 
• the impact of new accounting pronouncements and tax laws; 
• uncertainties affecting our ability to estimate our tax rate, including our tax obligations in connection with 
potential jurisdictional transfer of intellectual property; 

--- Page 5 ---
• uncertainties regarding the effect of geopolitical events, inflationary pressures, market and macroeconomic 
volatility, financial institution instability, changes in monetary policy, foreign currency exchange rate and 
interest rate fluctuations, a potential shutdown of the U.S. federal government and climate change, natural 
disasters and actual or threatened public health emergencies on our workforce, business, and operating 
results; 
• uncertainties regarding the impact of expensing stock options and other equity awards; 
• the sufficiency of our capital resources, including our ability to execute our share repurchase program and 
declare future cash dividends; 
• our ability to comply with our debt covenants and lease obligations; and
• uncertainties regarding impacts to our workforce and workplace culture, such as those arising from our 
current and future office environments or remote work policies or our ability to realize the expected benefits 
of the restructuring plan.
Further information on these and other factors that could affect the Company’s actual results or outcomes is 
included in the reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K and in other filings it makes with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission from time to time. These documents are available on the SEC Filings section of the Financials section 
of the Company’s website at http://investor.salesforce.com/financials/.
Salesforce, Inc. assumes no obligation and does not intend to revise or update publicly any forward-looking 
statements for any reason, except as required by law.
© 2024 Salesforce, Inc. All rights reserved. Salesforce and other marks are trademarks of Salesforce, Inc. Other 
brands featured herein may be trademarks of their respective owners.
#

--- Page 6 ---
Salesforce, Inc.
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations
(in millions, except per share data)
(Unaudited)
1 Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 2023
Revenues:
Subscription and support $ 8,585 $ 7,642 
Professional services and other 548 605 
Total revenues 9,133 8,247 
Cost of revenues (1)(2):
Subscription and support 1,560 1,510 
Professional services and other 602 615 
Total cost of revenues 2,162 2,125 
Gross profit 6,971 6,122 
Operating expenses (1)(2):
Research and development 1,368 1,207 
Sales and marketing 3,239 3,154 
General and administrative 647 638 
Restructuring 8 711 
Total operating expenses 5,262 5,710 
Income from operations 1,709 412 
Gains (losses) on strategic investments, net (3) 37 (141) 
Other income 121 55 
Income before provision for income taxes 1,867 326 
Provision for income taxes (334) (127) 
Net income $ 1,533 $ 199 
Basic net income per share $ 1.58 $ 0.20 
Diluted net income per share (3) $ 1.56 $ 0.20 
Shares used in computing basic net income per share 970 980 
Shares used in computing diluted net income per share 985 988 
(1) Amounts include amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations, as follows:
Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 2023
Cost of revenues $ 238 $ 248 
Sales and marketing 223 223 
(2) Amounts include stock-based compensation expense, as follows:
Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 2023
Cost of revenues $ 119 $ 103 
Research and development 260 241 
Sales and marketing 290 263 
General and administrative 81 73 
Restructuring 0 16 
(3) During the three months ended April 30, 2024 and 2023, gains (losses) on strategic investments impacted GAAP 
diluted EPS by $0.03 and $(0.11) based on a U.S. tax rate of 24.5% and non-GAAP diluted EPS by $0.03 and $(0.11) based on 
a non-GAAP tax rate of 22.0% and 23.5%, respectively.

--- Page 7 ---
Salesforce, Inc.
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
(As a percentage of total revenues)
(Unaudited)
Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 2023
Revenues:
Subscription and support 94 % 93 %
Professional services and other 6 7 
Total revenues 100 100 
Cost of revenues (1)(2):
Subscription and support 17 18 
Professional services and other 7 8 
Total cost of revenues 24 26 
Gross profit 76 74 
Operating expenses (1)(2):
Research and development 15 15 
Sales and marketing 35 38 
General and administrative 7 8 
Restructuring 0 8 
Total operating expenses 57 69 
Income from operations 19 5 
Gains (losses) on strategic investments, net 0 (2) 
Other income 1 1 
Income before provision for income taxes 20 4 
Provision for income taxes (3) (2) 
Net income 17 % 2 %
(1) Amounts include amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations as a percentage of total 
revenues, as follows:
Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 2023
Cost of revenues 3 % 3 %
Sales and marketing 2 3 
(2) Amounts include stock-based compensation expense as a percentage of total revenues, as follows:
Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 2023
Cost of revenues 1 % 1 %
Research and development 3 3 
Sales and marketing 3 3 
General and administrative 1 1 
Restructuring 0 0 

--- Page 8 ---
Salesforce, Inc.
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets
(in millions)
April 30, 2024 January 31, 2024
Assets (unaudited)
Current assets:
Cash and cash equivalents $ 9,958 $ 8,472 
Marketable securities 7,712 5,722 
Accounts receivable, net 4,273 11,414 
Costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net 1,865 1,905 
Prepaid expenses and other current assets 1,796 1,561 
Total current assets 25,604 29,074 
Property and equipment, net 3,506 3,689 
Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 2,255 2,366 
Noncurrent costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net 2,286 2,515 
Strategic investments 4,978 4,848 
Goodwill 48,940 48,620 
Intangible assets acquired through business combinations, net 4,869 5,278 
Deferred tax assets and other assets, net 3,742 3,433 
Total assets $ 96,180 $ 99,823 
Liabilities and stockholders’ equity
Current liabilities:
Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities $ 5,520 $ 6,111 
Operating lease liabilities, current 568 518 
Unearned revenue 16,061 19,003 
Debt, current 1,000 999 
Total current liabilities 23,149 26,631 
Noncurrent debt 8,429 8,427 
Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 2,519 2,644 
Other noncurrent liabilities 2,400 2,475 
Total liabilities 36,497 40,177 
Stockholders’ equity:
Common stock 1 1 
Treasury stock, at cost (13,860) (11,692) 
Additional paid-in capital 60,946 59,841 
Accumulated other comprehensive loss (270) (225) 
Retained earnings 12,866 11,721 
Total stockholders’ equity 59,683 59,646 
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 96,180 $ 99,823 

--- Page 9 ---
Salesforce, Inc.
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(in millions)
(Unaudited)
1 Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 2023
Operating activities:
Net income $ 1,533 $ 199 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating 
activities:
Depreciation and amortization (1) 879 1,254 
Amortization of costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net 517 470 
Stock-based compensation expense 750 696 
(Gains) losses on strategic investments, net (37) 141 
Changes in assets and liabilities, net of business combinations:
Accounts receivable, net 7,162 6,123 
Costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net (248) (275) 
Prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets (514) (291) 
Accounts payable and accrued expenses and other liabilities (755) (1,403) 
Operating lease liabilities (85) (168) 
Unearned revenue (2,955) (2,255) 
Net cash provided by operating activities 6,247 4,491 
Investing activities:
Business combinations, net of cash acquired (338) 0 
Purchases of strategic investments (203) (105) 
Sales of strategic investments 53 9 
Purchases of marketable securities (3,252) (368) 
Sales of marketable securities 616 269 
Maturities of marketable securities 636 785 
Capital expenditures (163) (243) 
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (2,651) 347 
Financing activities:
Repurchases of common stock (2,133) (2,054) 
Proceeds from employee stock plans 533 449 
Principal payments on financing obligations (120) (110) 
Repayments of debt 0 (1,001) 
Payments of dividends (388) 0 
Net cash used in financing activities (2,108) (2,716) 
Effect of exchange rate changes (2) 17 
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 1,486 2,139 
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 8,472 7,016 
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period $ 9,958 $ 9,155 
(1) Includes amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations, depreciation of fixed assets and
amortization and impairment of right-of-use assets.

--- Page 10 ---
Salesforce, Inc.
Additional Metrics
(Unaudited)
Supplemental Revenue Analysis
Remaining Performance Obligation
Remaining performance obligation ("RPO") represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which 
includes unearned revenue and unbilled amounts that will be recognized as revenue in future periods. RPO is influenced by 
several factors, including seasonality, the timing of renewals, the timing of software license deliveries, average contract terms 
and foreign currency exchange rates. Remaining performance obligation is also impacted by acquisitions. Unbilled portions of 
RPO denominated in foreign currencies are revalued each period based on the period end exchange rates. The portion of RPO 
that is unbilled is not recorded on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
RPO consisted of the following (in billions):
Current Noncurrent Total
As of April 30, 2024 $ 26.4 $ 27.5 $ 53.9 
As of January 31, 2024 27.6 29.3 56.9 
As of October 31, 2023 23.9 24.4 48.3 
As of July 31, 2023 24.1 22.5 46.6 
As of April 30, 2023 24.1 22.6 46.7 
Unearned Revenue
Unearned revenue represents amounts that have been invoiced in advance of revenue recognition and is recognized as 
revenue when transfer of control to customers has occurred or services have been provided. The change in unearned revenue 
was as follows (in millions):
Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 2023
Unearned revenue, beginning of period $ 19,003 $ 17,376 
Billings and other (1) 6,108 5,937 
Contribution from contract asset 70 55 
Revenue recognized over time (8,571) (7,837) 
Revenue recognized at a point in time (562) (410) 
Unearned revenue from business combinations 13 0 
Unearned revenue, end of period $ 16,061 $ 15,121 
(1) Other includes, for example, the impact of foreign currency translation.
Disaggregation of Revenue
Subscription and Support Revenue by the Company's service offerings
Subscription and support revenues consisted of the following (in millions):
Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 2023
Sales $ 1,998 $ 1,810 
Service 2,182 1,964 
Platform and Other 1,718 1,567 
Marketing and Commerce 1,282 1,170 
Integration and Analytics (1) 1,405 1,131 
$ 8,585 $ 7,642 
(1) In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company renamed the service offering previously referred to as Data to Integration 
and Analytics, which includes Mulesoft and Tableau. 

--- Page 11 ---
Total Revenue by Geographic Locations
Revenues by geographical region consisted of the following (in millions):
Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 2023
Americas $ 6,062 $ 5,482 
Europe 2,145 1,951 
Asia Pacific 926 814 
$ 9,133 $ 8,247 
Constant Currency Growth Rates
Subscription and support revenues constant currency growth rates by the Company's service offerings were as follows:
Three Months Ended
April 30, 2024
Compared to Three Months
Ended April 30, 2023
Three Months Ended
January 31, 2024
Compared to Three Months
Ended January 31, 2023
Three Months Ended
April 30, 2023
Compared to Three Months
Ended April 30, 2022
Sales 11% 10% 13%
Service 11% 12% 13%
Platform and Other 10% 10% 12%
Marketing and Commerce 10% 7% 10%
Integration and Analytics (1) 25% 21% 20%
(1) In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company renamed the service offering previously referred to as Data to Integration 
and Analytics, which includes Mulesoft and Tableau.
Revenue constant currency growth rates by geographical region were as follows: 
Three Months Ended
April 30, 2024
Compared to Three Months
Ended April 30, 2023
Three Months Ended
January 31, 2024
Compared to Three Months
Ended January 31, 2023
Three Months Ended
April 30, 2023
Compared to Three Months
Ended April 30, 2022
Americas 11% 9% 10%
Europe 9% 11% 17%
Asia Pacific 21% 19% 24%
Total growth 11% 10% 13%
Current remaining performance obligation constant currency growth rates were as follows:
April 30, 2024
Compared to
April 30, 2023
January 31, 2024
Compared to
January 31, 2023
April 30, 2023
Compared to
April 30, 2022
Total growth 10% 13% 12%

--- Page 12 ---
Salesforce, Inc.
GAAP Results Reconciled to Non-GAAP Results
The following tables reflect selected GAAP results reconciled to Non-GAAP results. 
(in millions, except per share data)
(Unaudited)
Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 2023
Non-GAAP income from operations
GAAP income from operations $ 1,709 $ 412 
Plus:
Amortization of purchased intangibles (1) 461 471 
Stock-based compensation expense (2)(3) 750 680 
Restructuring 8 711 
Non-GAAP income from operations $ 2,928 $ 2,274 
Non-GAAP operating margin as a percentage of revenues
Total revenues $ 9,133 $ 8,247 
GAAP operating margin (4) 18.7 % 5.0 %
Non-GAAP operating margin (4) 32.1 % 27.6 %
Non-GAAP net income
GAAP net income $ 1,533 $ 199 
Plus:
Amortization of purchased intangibles (1) 461 471 
Stock-based compensation expense (2)(3) 750 680 
Restructuring 8 711 
Income tax effects and adjustments (345) (387) 
Non-GAAP net income $ 2,407 $ 1,674 

--- Page 13 ---
Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 2023
Non-GAAP diluted net income per share
GAAP diluted net income per share $ 1.56 $ 0.20 
Plus:
Amortization of purchased intangibles (1) 0.47 0.48 
Stock-based compensation expense (2)(3) 0.76 0.69 
Restructuring 0.01 0.72 
Income tax effects and adjustments (0.36) (0.40) 
Non-GAAP diluted net income per share $ 2.44 $ 1.69 
Shares used in computing Non-GAAP diluted net income per share 985 988 
(1) Amortization of purchased intangibles was as follows:
Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 2023
Cost of revenues $ 238 $ 248 
Sales and marketing 223 223 
$ 461 $ 471 
(2) Stock-based compensation expense, excluding stock-based compensation expense related to restructuring, was as 
follows:
Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 2023
Cost of revenues $ 119 $ 103 
Research and development 260 241 
Sales and marketing 290 263 
General and administrative 81 73 
$ 750 $ 680 
(3) Stock-based compensation expense included in the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation tables above excludes stockbased compensation expense related to restructuring activities for the three months ended April 30, 2024 and 2023 of $0 and 
$16 million, respectively, which are included in the restructuring line.
(4) GAAP operating margin is the proportion of GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue. NonGAAP operating margin is the proportion of non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue. NonGAAP income from operations excludes the impact of the amortization of purchased intangibles, stock-based compensation 
expense and charges associated with the Company's restructuring activities.

--- Page 14 ---
Salesforce, Inc.
Computation of Basic and Diluted GAAP and Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share 
(in millions, except per share data)
(Unaudited)
Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 2023
GAAP Basic Net Income Per Share
Net income $ 1,533 $ 199 
Basic net income per share $ 1.58 $ 0.20 
Shares used in computing basic net income per share 970 980 
Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 2023
Non-GAAP Basic Net Income Per Share
Non-GAAP net income $ 2,407 $ 1,674 
Non-GAAP basic net income per share $ 2.48 $ 1.71 
Shares used in computing Non-GAAP basic net income per share 970 980 
Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 2023
GAAP Diluted Net Income Per Share
Net income $ 1,533 $ 199 
Diluted net income per share (3) $ 1.56 $ 0.20 
Shares used in computing diluted net income per share 985 988 
Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 2023
Non-GAAP Diluted Net Income Per Share
Non-GAAP net income $ 2,407 $ 1,674 
Non-GAAP diluted net income per share $ 2.44 $ 1.69 
Shares used in computing Non-GAAP diluted net income per share 985 988 
Supplemental Cash Flow Information
Computation of Free Cash Flow, a Non-GAAP Measure
(in millions)
(Unaudited)
Three Months Ended April 30,
2024 2023
GAAP net cash provided by operating activities $ 6,247 $ 4,491 
Capital expenditures (163) (243) 
Free cash flow $ 6,084 $ 4,248 

--- Page 15 ---
Non-GAAP Financial Measures: This press release includes information about non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP 
earnings per share, non-GAAP tax rates, free cash flow, constant currency revenue, constant currency subscription and support 
revenue growth rate and constant currency current remaining performance obligation growth rates (collectively the “non-GAAP 
financial measures”). These non-GAAP financial measures are measurements of financial performance that are not prepared in 
accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and computational methods may differ from those used by other 
companies. Non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP 
measures and should be read only in conjunction with the Company’s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance 
with GAAP. Management uses both GAAP and non-GAAP measures when planning, monitoring and evaluating the 
Company’s performance. 
The primary purpose of using non-GAAP measures is to provide supplemental information that may prove useful to investors 
and to enable investors to evaluate the Company’s results in the same way management does. Management believes that 
supplementing GAAP disclosure with non-GAAP disclosure provides investors with a more complete view of the Company’s 
operational performance and allows for meaningful period-to-period comparisons and analysis of trends in the Company’s 
business. Further to the extent that other companies use similar methods in calculating non-GAAP measures, the provision of 
supplemental non-GAAP information can allow for a comparison of the Company’s relative performance against other 
companies that also report non-GAAP operating results. 
Non-GAAP Operating Margin is the proportion of non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue. NonGAAP income from operations excludes the impact of the following items: stock-based compensation expense, amortization of 
acquisition-related intangibles and charges associated with the Company's restructuring activities. Non-GAAP earnings per 
share excludes, to the extent applicable, the impact of the following items: stock-based compensation expense, amortization of 
purchased intangibles, charges related to the Company's restructuring activities and income tax adjustments. These items are 
excluded because the decisions that give rise to them are not made to increase revenue in a particular period, but instead for the 
Company’s long-term benefit over multiple periods. 
As described above, the Company excludes or adjusts for the following in its non-GAAP results and guidance:
• Stock-Based Compensation Expense: The Company’s compensation strategy includes the use of stock-based 
compensation expense to attract and retain employees and executives. It is principally aimed at aligning their interests 
with those of our stockholders and at long-term employee retention, rather than to motivate or reward operational 
performance for any particular period. Thus, stock-based compensation expense varies for reasons that are generally 
unrelated to operational decisions and performance in any particular period. 
• Amortization of Purchased Intangibles: The Company views amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, such 
as the amortization of the cost associated with an acquired company’s research and development efforts, trade names, 
customer lists and customer relationships, and, in some cases, acquired lease intangibles, as items arising from preacquisition activities determined at the time of an acquisition. While these intangible assets are continually evaluated 
for impairment, amortization of the cost of purchased intangibles is a static expense, which is not typically affected by 
operations during any particular period. Although the Company excludes the amortization of purchased intangibles 
from these non-GAAP measures, management believes that it is important for investors to understand that such 
intangible assets were recorded as part of purchase accounting and contribute to revenue generation. 
• Restructuring: Restructuring charges are costs associated with a formal restructuring plan and may include employee 
notice period costs and severance payments, lease or contract termination costs, asset impairments, accelerated 
depreciation and amortization and other related expenses. The Company excludes these restructuring charges because 
they are distinct from ongoing operational costs and it does not believe they are reflective of current and expected 
future business performance and operating results.
• Gains (Losses) on Strategic Investments, net: The Company records all fair value adjustments to its equity securities 
held within the strategic investment portfolio through the statement of operations. As it is not possible to forecast 
future gains and losses, the Company assumes no change to the value of its strategic investment portfolio in its GAAP 
and non-GAAP estimates for future periods, including its guidance. Gains (Losses) on Strategic Investments, net, are 
included in its GAAP financial statements.
• Income Tax Effects and Adjustments: The Company utilizes a fixed long-term projected non-GAAP tax rate in order 
to provide better consistency across the interim reporting periods by eliminating the effects of items such as changes in 
the tax valuation allowance and tax effects of acquisition-related costs, since each of these can vary in size and 

--- Page 16 ---
frequency. When projecting this long-term rate, the Company evaluated a three-year financial projection that excludes 
the direct impact of the following non-cash items: stock-based compensation expenses and the amortization of 
purchased intangibles. The projected rate also considers factors including the Company’s expected tax structure, its tax 
positions in various jurisdictions and key legislation in major jurisdictions where the Company operates. For fiscal 
2024, the Company used a projected non-GAAP tax rate of 23.5%. For fiscal 2025, the Company uses a projected nonGAAP tax rate of 22.0%, which reflects currently available information, as well as other factors and assumptions. The 
non-GAAP tax rate could be subject to change for a variety of reasons, including the rapidly evolving global tax 
environment, significant changes in the Company’s geographic earnings mix due to acquisition activity or other 
changes to the Company’s strategy or business operations. The Company will re-evaluate its long-term rate as 
appropriate.
The Company presents constant currency information to provide a framework for assessing how the Company's underlying 
business performed excluding the effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations. To present constant currency revenue growth 
rates, current and comparative prior period results for entities reporting in currencies other than United States dollars are 
converted into United States dollars at the weighted average exchange rate for the quarter being compared to rather than the 
actual exchange rates in effect during that period. To present current remaining performance obligation growth rates on a 
constant currency basis, current remaining performance obligation balances in local currencies in previous comparable periods 
are converted using the United States dollar currency exchange rate as of the most recent balance sheet date.
The Company defines the non-GAAP measure free cash flow as GAAP net cash provided by operating activities, less capital 
expenditures.

================================================================================
FILE: CRMQ2FY25EarningsPresentation.pdf
================================================================================

--- Page 1 ---
Financial Update
Q2 FY25
NYSE: CRM
@Salesforce_ir

--- Page 2 ---
"Safe harbor" statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: This presentation contains forward-looking statements about the Company's financial and operating 
results and guidance, which include, but are not limited to, expected GAAP and non-GAAP financial and other operating and non-operating results, including revenue, net income, earnings 
per share, operating cash flow growth, operating margin, expected revenue growth, expected foreign currency exchange rate impact, expected current remaining performance obligation 
growth, expected tax rates or provisions, stock-based compensation expenses, amortization of purchased intangibles, shares outstanding, market growth, strategic investments, expected 
restructuring expense or charges, and expected timing of product releases and enhancements. The achievement or success of the matters covered by such forward-looking statements 
involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions. If any such risks or uncertainties materialize or if any of the assumptions prove incorrect, the Company’s results or outcomes could differ 
materially and adversely from those expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.
The risks and uncertainties referred to above include -- but are not limited to -- risks associated with: our ability to maintain sufficient security levels and service performance, avoid 
downtime and prevent, detect and remediate performance degradation and security breaches; our ability to secure sufficient data center capacity; our reliance on third-party infrastructure 
providers, including hardware, software and platform providers and the organizations responsible for the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the Internet; uncertainties 
regarding AI technologies and their integration into our product offerings; our ability to achieve our aspirations, goals and projections related to our environmental, social and governance 
(“ESG”) initiatives; the effect of evolving government regulations, including those related to our industry and providing services on or accessing the Internet, and those addressing ESG 
matters, data privacy, cybersecurity, cross-border data transfers, government contracting and procurement, and import and export controls; current and potential litigation and regulatory 
investigations involving us or our industry; our ability to successfully expand or introduce new services and product features; our ability to successfully complete, integrate and realize the 
benefits from acquisitions or other strategic transactions; uncertainties regarding the pace of change and innovation and our ability to compete in the markets in which we participate; our 
ability to successfully execute our business strategy and our business plans, including efforts to expand internationally and related risks; our ability to predict and meet expectations 
regarding our operating results and cash flows, including revenue and remaining performance obligation, including as a result of the seasonal nature of our sales cycle and the variability in 
our results arising from the accounting for term license revenue products and some complex transactions; our ability to predict and limit customer attrition and costs related to those 
efforts; the demands on our personnel and infrastructure resulting from significant growth in our customer base and operations, including as a result of acquisitions; our real estate and 
office facilities strategy and related costs and uncertainties; the performance of our strategic investment portfolio, including fluctuations in the fair value of our investments; our ability to 
protect our intellectual property rights; our ability to maintain and enhance our brands; uncertainties regarding the valuation and potential availability of certain tax assets; the impact of 
new accounting pronouncements and tax laws; uncertainties affecting our ability to estimate our tax rate, including our tax obligations in connection with potential jurisdictional transfer of 
intellectual property; uncertainties regarding the effect of geopolitical events, inflationary pressures, market and macroeconomic volatility, financial institution instability, changes in 
monetary policy, foreign currency exchange rate and interest rate fluctuations, a potential shutdown of the U.S. federal government and climate change, natural disasters and actual or 
threatened public health emergencies on our workforce, business, and operating results; uncertainties regarding the impact of expensing stock options and other equity awards; the 
sufficiency of our capital resources, including our ability to execute our share repurchase program and declare future cash dividends; our ability to comply with our debt covenants and 
lease obligations; and uncertainties regarding impacts to our workforce and workplace culture, such as those arising from our current and future office environments or remote work 
policies or our ability to realize the expected benefits of the restructuring plan.
Further information on these and other factors that could affect the Company’s actual results or outcomes is included in the reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K and in other filings it 
makes with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time. These documents are available on the SEC Filings section of the Financials section of the Company’s website at 
http://investor.salesforce.com/financials/. Salesforce, Inc. assumes no obligation and does not intend to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as 
required by law.
2
Safe Harbor

--- Page 3 ---
- Salesforce is the #1 CRM software provider worldwide by revenue for 11 consecutive years1
- Consistently delivering durable revenue growth, more than tripling from $10.5 billion in FY18 to $34.9 billion in FY24
- Fastest growing top five enterprise software company with $34.9 billion in revenue in FY24
- Uniquely positioned to help our customers drive broad-based digital transformation
Delivering profitable growth at scale
Company Overview
1Source: IDC, Worldwide Semiannual Software Tracker, April 2024. CRM market includes the following IDC-defined functional markets: Sales Force Productivity and Management, Marketing Campaign Management, Customer 
Service, Contact Center, Advertising and Digital Commerce Applications. 3

--- Page 4 ---
Financial Overview
Quarterly Results
4

--- Page 5 ---
1The non-GAAP columns present non-GAAP financial metrics, including non-GAAP operating margin, free cash flow and the related non-GAAP growth rates as compared to prior periods. Non-GAAP revenue and non-GAAP current 
performance obligation ("cRPO") represent constant currency ("CC") results. Refer to slides 7 and 8 for explanations of non-GAAP CC revenue growth and slide 10 for non-GAAP CC cRPO growth. Refer to the Appendix for an 
explanation of non-GAAP financial measures, why we believe these measures can be helpful and a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures, when applicable. 2Diluted Earnings Per Share is calculated using GAAP revenue.
Q2 FY25 Financial Summary
$9,397M 9%
$8,831M 10%
N/A 11%
N/A N/A
33.7% 210 bps
$2.56 21%
N/A N/A
$755M 20%
$9,325M 8%
$8,764M 9%
$26.5B 10%
$53.5B 15%
19.1% 190 bps
$1.47 15%
$892M 10%
N/A N/A
Quarterly Results Change Y/Y Quarterly Results Change Y/Y
GAAP Non-GAAP1
Total Revenue
Current Remaining Performance Obligation
Total Remaining Performance Obligation
Operating Margin
Diluted Earnings Per Share2
Operating Cash Flow
5
Our framework for profitable growth generated strong financial results
Free Cash Flow1
Subscription & Support Revenue

--- Page 6 ---
Guidance
6
Q3 FY25 
Guidance
Full Year FY25
Guidance1
Total Revenue $9.31 - $9.36 Billion $37.7 - $38.0 Billion
Y/Y Growth 7% 8 - 9%
FX Impact2 None ($100M) Y/Y FX
Subscription & Support Revenue Growth (Y/Y)3, 4 N/A Slightly below 10%, 
Approx 10% CC
GAAP Operating Margin N/A 19.7%
Non-GAAP Operating Margin4 N/A 32.8%
GAAP Diluted Earnings per Share4 $1.41 - $1.43 $6.05 - $6.13
Non-GAAP Diluted Earnings per Share4 $2.42 - $2.44 $10.03 - $10.11
Operating Cash Flow Growth (Y/Y) N/A 23% - 25%
Current Remaining Performance Obligation Growth (Y/Y) 9% N/A
FX Impact2 $100M Y/Y FX N/A
1This guidance does not reflect any potential future gains or losses on our strategic investment portfolio, as it is not possible to forecast future gains and losses, and is based on estimated GAAP tax rates 
that reflect the Company’s currently available information and excludes forecasted discrete tax items such as excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation. The GAAP tax rates may fluctuate due 
to discrete tax items and related effects in conjunction with certain provisions in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, future acquisitions or other transactions. 2Revenue FX impact is calculated by taking the current period rates compared to the prior period average rates. Current Remaining Performance Obligation FX impact is calculated by taking the current 
period rates compared to the prior period ending rates. 
3Subscription & Support revenue excludes professional services revenue.
4Non-GAAP CC revenue growth, non-GAAP operating margin and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share are non-GAAP financial measures. Refer to the Appendix for an explanation of non-GAAP financial 
measures. The Company's shares used in computing GAAP diluted earnings per share guidance and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share guidance excludes any impact to share count from potential 
Q3 - Q4 FY25 repurchase activity under our Share Repurchase Program.
Compounding top and bottom-line growth
6
1

--- Page 7 ---
Subscription & Support and Acquisition Growth Trends
Q2 FY25 Disaggregation of Revenue
7
FY24 FY25
Year-over-Year Growth in 
Constant Currency1 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1 Q2
Sales 13% 12% 10% 10% 11% 10%
Service 13% 12% 11% 12% 11% 11%
Platform and Other 12% 11% 11% 10% 10% 10%
Marketing and Commerce 10% 10% 8% 7% 10% 7%
Integration and Analytics2 20% 16% 22% 21% 25% 14%
Total Subscription & Support 
Revenue 13% 12% 12% 12% 13% 10%
MuleSoft Total Revenue (CC)3 26% 17% 26% 19% 27% 13%
Tableau Total Revenue (CC)3 12% 13% 16% 20% 21% 11%
Slack Total Revenue3,4 20% 16% 18% 16% 17% 17%
1Non-GAAP revenue CC growth rates as compared to the comparable prior period. Refer to the Appendix for an explanation of constant currency calculations and the basis of presentation. 2In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024, the Company renamed the service offering previously referred to as Data to Integration and Analytics, which includes MuleSoft and Tableau. 3MuleSoft, Tableau and Slack's contributions to total revenue include professional services revenue and subscription and support revenue.

--- Page 8 ---
Incremental investments in international markets driving growth
Q2 FY25 Revenue by Region
8
FY24 FY25
Year-Over-Year Growth in 
Constant Currency1 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1 Q2
Americas 10% 10% 9% 9% 11% 8%
EMEA 17% 11% 10% 11% 9% 11%
APAC 24% 24% 21% 19% 21% 16%
Total Revenue2 13% 11% 10% 10% 11% 9%
1Non-GAAP revenue CC growth rates as compared to the comparable prior period. Refer to the Appendix for an explanation of constant currency calculations and the basis of presentation. 2Revenues by geography are determined based on the region of the Company's contracting entity, which may be different than the region of the customer.

--- Page 9 ---
Q2 FY25 Non-GAAP Expense Profile 
1Non-GAAP operating margin is the proportion of non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue and is a non-GAAP financial measure. Non-GAAP expense as a percentage of revenue is the proportion of 
non-GAAP expense categories as a percentage of GAAP revenue and is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the Appendix for an explanation of which items are excluded from our non-GAAP financial measures and why we 
believe these measures can be useful, as well as a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures, when applicable.
190 bps
GAAP Operating Margin
210 bps
Non-GAAP Operating Margin1
9
Q2 FY25
Y/Y
A New Day for Profitable Growth — driving efficiency across the business 
1
1
1
1

--- Page 10 ---
Q2 FY25 Key Financial Metric Trends
10
FY24 FY25
Year-over-Year Growth Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1 Q2
Current Remaining Performance 
Obligation (cRPO) GAAP / CC1
12% / 12% 12% / 11% 14% / 13% 12% / 13% 10% / 10% 10% / 11%
FX $ (Headwind) / Tailwind2 — — — — ($200M) ($300M)
Total Remaining Performance 
Obligation 11% 12% 21% 17% 15% 15%
Operating Cash Flow 22% 142% 389% 22% 39% 10%
Free Cash Flow3 21% 379% 1088% 27% 43% 20%
1To present non-GAAP CC cRPO growth, cRPO balances in local currencies in previous comparable periods are converted using the United States dollar currency exchange rate as of the most recent balance sheet date. 2As of Q1'25, the Company is prospectively disclosing the FX (headwind) / tailwind in dollars to cRPO.
3Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the Appendix for an explanation of non-GAAP financial measures and why we believe these measures can be useful, as well as a table including a reconciliation of free 
cash flow to the most comparable GAAP financial measure.

--- Page 11 ---
In Q2 FY25, $4.7B Capital Returned to Stockholders
(1%) YoY
Diluted Share Count
11
986M Q2 FY25
973M
$18.1B
Repurchased Since 
Inception of the Total 
$30B Authorized
$772M
Quarterly Dividend 
Payments to Date

--- Page 12 ---
Thank you
12

--- Page 13 ---
Appendix
13

--- Page 14 ---
Non
-GAAP Financial Measures
This presentation includes information about non-GAAP earnings per share, non-GAAP income from operations, non-GAAP 
expenses, non-GAAP operating margin, free cash flow and constant currency revenue and constant currency current 
remaining performance obligation growth rates (collectively the “non-GAAP financial measures”). These non-GAAP 
financial measures are measurements of financial performance that are not prepared in accordance with U.S. generally 
accepted accounting principles and computational methods may differ from those used by other companies. Non-GAAP 
financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and 
should be read only in conjunction with the Company’s condensed consolidated financial statements prepared in 
accordance with GAAP. Management uses both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures when planning, monitoring and 
evaluating the Company’s performance.
The primary purpose of using non-GAAP financial measures is to provide supplemental information that may prove useful 
to investors and to enable investors to evaluate the Company’s results in the same way management does. Management 
believes that supplementing GAAP disclosure with non-GAAP disclosure provides investors with a more complete view of 
the Company’s operational performance and allows for meaningful period-to-period comparisons and analysis of trends in 
the Company’s business. Further, to the extent that other companies use similar methods in calculating non-GAAP financial 
measures, the provision of supplemental non-GAAP information can allow for a comparison of the Company’s relative 
performance against other companies that also report non-GAAP operating results.
Non-GAAP operating margin is the proportion of non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue. 
Non-GAAP income from operations excludes the impact of the following items: stock-based compensation expense, 
amortization of acquisition-related intangibles and charges related to the restructuring initiatives.
Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share excludes, to the extent applicable, the impact of the following items: stock-based 
compensation expense, amortization of purchased intangibles, charges related to the restructuring initiatives and income 
tax adjustments. These items are excluded because the decisions that give rise to them are not made to increase revenue 
in a particular period, but instead for the Company’s long-term benefit over multiple periods.
The Company defines the non-GAAP measure free cash flow as GAAP net cash provided by operating activities, less capital 
expenditures.
Constant currency information is provided as a framework for assessing how our underlying business performed excluding 
the effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations. To present constant currency revenue, current and comparative prior period 
results for entities reporting in currencies other than United States dollars are converted into United States dollars at the
weighted average exchange rate for the quarter being compared to for growth rate calculations presented, rather than the 
actual exchange rates in effect during that period. To present current remaining performance obligation on a constant 
currency basis, we convert the current remaining performance obligation balances in local currencies in previous 
comparable periods using the United States dollar currency exchange rate as of the most recent balance sheet date. 14

--- Page 15 ---
GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Reconciliation
(in millions) Three Months Ended July 31, Full Year FY25 
Non-GAAP income from operations1 2023 2024 Non-GAAP Operating Margin Guidance
GAAP income from operations $ 1,476 $ 1,783 GAAP operating margin2 19.7%
Plus: Plus:
Amortization of purchased intangibles 472 454 Amortization of purchased intangibles3 4.3 %
Stock-based compensation expense4 724 808 Stock-based compensation expense3,4 8.4 %
Restructuring 49 99 Restructuring3,4 0.4 %
Non-GAAP income from operations2 $ 2,721 $ 3,144 Non-GAAP operating margin2 32.8 %
Revenue 8,603 9,325
Non-GAAP operating margin2 31.6 % 33.7 %
(in millions) Three Months Ended July 31,
Computations of free cash flow, a non-GAAP measure 2023 2024
GAAP net cash provided by operating activities $ 808 $ 892
(Capital expenditures) (180) (137)
Free cash flow $ 628 $ 755
Three Months Ended July 31, Full Year FY25
Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share 2023 2024 Q3 FY25 Guidance Guidance
GAAP diluted net income per share $ 1.28 $ 1.47 $1.41 - $1.43 $6.05 - $6.13
Plus:
Amortization of purchased intangibles 0.48 0.47 0.36 1.66
Stock-based compensation expense4 0.73 0.83 0.85 3.26
Restructuring 0.05 0.10 0.03 0.17
(Income tax effects and adjustments) (0.42) (0.31) (0.23) (1.11)
Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share $ 2.12 $ 2.56 $2.42 - $2.44 $10.03 - $10.11
Shares used in computing non-GAAP diluted net 
income per share (millions) 986 973 972 977
1Used to calculate non-GAAP Operating Margin by dividing non-GAAP income from operations by GAAP revenue. 2GAAP operating margin is the proportion of GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue. Non-GAAP operating margin is the proportion of non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP 
revenue. Non-GAAP income from operations excludes the impact of the amortization of purchased intangibles, stock-based compensation expense and charges related to the Company's restructuring initiatives. 3The percentages shown above have been calculated based on the midpoint of the low and high ends of the revenue guidance for full year FY25. 4The percentages shown in the restructuring line have been calculated based on charges associated with the Company's restructuring initiatives. Stock-based compensation expense excludes stock-based compensation expense 
related to the Company's restructuring initiatives, which is included in the restructuring line. 15

--- Page 16 ---
GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Reconciliation
(in millions)
Period Q2 FY24 Q3 FY24 Q4 FY24 Q1 FY25 Q2 FY25
Revenue 8,603 8,720 9,287 9,133 9,325
GAAP Cost of Revenues 2,113 2,155 2,148 2,162 2,159
Less:
Amortization of purchased intangibles 250 245 235 238 231
Stock-based compensation expense1 112 109 107 119 132
Non-GAAP Cost of Revenues 1,751 1,801 1,806 1,805 1,796
Non-GAAP Cost of Revenues as a % of Revenue2 20 % 21 % 19 % 20 % 19 %
GAAP Sales and Marketing Expense 3,113 3,173 3,437 3,239 3,224
Less:
Amortization of purchased intangibles 222 223 223 223 223
Stock-based compensation expense1 277 275 247 290 309
Non-GAAP Sales and Marketing Expense 2,614 2,675 2,967 2,726 2,692
Non-GAAP Sales and Marketing Expense as a % of Revenue2 30 % 31 % 32 % 30 % 29 %
GAAP Research and Development Expense 1,220 1,204 1,275 1,368 1,349
Less:
Stock-based compensation expense1 256 238 237 260 276
Non-GAAP Research and Development Expense 964 966 1,038 1,108 1,073
Non-GAAP Research and Development Expense as a % of 
Revenue2 11 % 11 % 11 % 12 % 11 %
GAAP General and Administrative Expense 632 632 632 647 711
Less:
Stock-based compensation expense1 79 71 76 81 91
Non-GAAP General and Administrative Expense 553 561 556 566 620
Non-GAAP General and Administrative Expense as a % of 
Revenue2 7 % 6 % 6 % 6 % 7 %
1Stock-based compensation expense included in the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation tables above excludes those expenses related to the Company's restructuring initiatives. For the three months ended July 31, 2024 and 
January 31, 2024, $2 million and $7 million of such expense is excluded, respectively. For the three months ended July 31, 2024, this stock-based compensation expense related to restructuring initiatives is included in the 
restructuring line on slide 15. No other quarters presented in this slide incurred stock-based compensation expense related to restructuring. 2Non-GAAP expense categories as a % of revenue are calculated using GAAP revenue. 16

================================================================================
FILE: CRMQ2FY25EarningsPressReleasewfinancials.pdf
================================================================================

--- Page 1 ---
Salesforce Announces Second Quarter Fiscal 2025 Results
SAN FRANCISCO, Calif. - August 28, 2024 - Salesforce (NYSE: CRM), the #1 AI CRM, today announced results 
for its second quarter fiscal 2025 ended July 31, 2024.
Second Quarter Highlights
• Second Quarter Revenue of $9.33 Billion, up 8% Year-Over-Year ("Y/Y"), up 9% in Constant 
Currency ("CC"), inclusive of Subscription & Support Revenue of $8.76 Billion, up 9% Y/Y, up 10% 
Y/Y in CC
• Second Quarter GAAP Operating Margin of 19.1% and non-GAAP Operating Margin of 33.7%
• Current Remaining Performance Obligation of $26.5 Billion, up 10% Y/Y, up 11% Y/Y in CC
• Second Quarter Operating Cash Flow of $0.89 Billion, up 10% Y/Y, and Free Cash Flow of $0.76
Billion, up 20% Y/Y
• Returned $4.3 Billion in the Form of Share Repurchases and $0.4 Billion in Dividend Payments to 
Stockholders
FY25 Guidance Highlights
• Initiates Third Quarter FY25 Revenue Guidance of $9.31 Billion to $9.36 Billion, up 7% Y/Y
• Maintains Full Year FY25 Revenue Guidance of $37.7 Billion to $38.0 Billion, up 8% - 9% Y/Y and 
Maintains Full Year FY25 Subscription & Support Revenue Growth Guidance of Slightly Below 10% 
Y/Y & Approximately 10% in CC
• Updates Full Year FY25 GAAP Operating Margin Guidance to 19.7% and Updates non-GAAP
Operating Margin Guidance to 32.8%
• Raises Full Year FY25 Operating Cash Flow Growth Guidance to 23% to 25% Y/Y
“In Q2, we delivered strong performance across revenue, cash flow, margin and cRPO, and raised our fiscal year 
non-GAAP operating margin and cash flow growth guidance,” said Marc Benioff, Chair and CEO, Salesforce. “With 
our new Agentforce AI platform, we’re reimagining enterprise software for a new world where humans with 
autonomous Agents drive customer success together. Salesforce is the only company with the leading apps, trusted 
data and agent-first platform to deliver this vision at scale and help companies realize the incredible benefits of AI.”
“We continue to deliver disciplined profitable growth and this quarter, operating margins closed at record highs with 
GAAP operating margin of 19.1%, up 190 basis points year-over-year, and Non-GAAP operating margin of 33.7%, 
up 210 basis points year-over year.” said Amy Weaver, President and CFO of Salesforce. “Our capital return 
program remains a priority and we now expect to more than fully offset our dilution from FY25 stock based 
compensation.”
Guidance
Our guidance includes GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures.

--- Page 2 ---
Q3 FY25 
Guidance
Full Year FY25
Guidance
Total Revenue $9.31 - $9.36 Billion $37.7 - $38.0 Billion
 Y/Y Growth 7% 8 - 9%
 FX Impact(1) None ($100M) Y/Y FX
Subscription & Support Revenue Growth (Y/Y)(2)(3) N/A Slightly below 10%, 
Approx 10% CC
GAAP Operating Margin N/A 19.7%
Non-GAAP Operating Margin(3) N/A 32.8%
GAAP Diluted Earnings per Share(3) $1.41 - $1.43 $6.05 - $6.13
Non-GAAP Diluted Earnings per Share(3) $2.42 - $2.44 $10.03 - $10.11
Operating Cash Flow Growth (Y/Y) N/A 23% - 25%
Current Remaining Performance Obligation Growth (Y/Y) 9% N/A
 FX Impact(4) $100M Y/Y FX N/A
(1) Revenue FX impact is calculated by taking the current period rates compared to the prior period average rates.
(2) Subscription & Support revenue excludes professional services revenue.
(3) Non-GAAP CC revenue growth, non-GAAP operating margin and non-GAAP Diluted EPS are non-GAAP financial measures. 
See below for an explanation of non-GAAP financial measures. The Company's shares used in computing GAAP Diluted EPS 
guidance and non-GAAP Diluted EPS guidance excludes any impact to share count from potential Q3 - Q4 FY25 repurchase 
activity under our share repurchase program.
(4) Current Remaining Performance Obligation FX impact is calculated by taking the current period rates compared to the prior 
period ending rates.
The following is a reconciliation of GAAP operating margin guidance to non-GAAP operating margin guidance for 
the full year:
Full Year FY25 
Guidance
GAAP operating margin(1) 19.7%
Plus
Amortization of purchased intangibles(2) 4.3%
Stock-based compensation expense(2)(3) 8.4%
Restructuring(2)(3) 0.4%
Non-GAAP operating margin(1) 32.8%
(1) GAAP operating margin is the proportion of GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue. Non-GAAP 
operating margin is the proportion of non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue.
(2) The percentages shown above have been calculated based on the midpoint of the low and high ends of the revenue guidance 
for full year FY25. 
(3) The percentages shown in the restructuring line have been calculated based on charges associated with the Company's 
restructuring initiatives. Stock-based compensation expense excludes stock-based compensation expense related to the 
Company's restructuring initiatives, which is included in the restructuring line. 
The following is a per share reconciliation of GAAP diluted EPS to non-GAAP diluted EPS guidance for the next 
quarter and the full year:

--- Page 3 ---
Fiscal 2025
Q3 FY25
GAAP diluted earnings per share range(1)(2) $1.41 - $1.43 $6.05 - $6.13
Plus
Amortization of purchased intangibles $ 0.36 $ 1.66
Stock-based compensation expense $ 0.85 $ 3.26
Restructuring(3) $ 0.03 $ 0.17
Less
Income tax effects and adjustments(4) $ (0.23) $ (1.11)
Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share(2) $2.42 - $2.44 $10.03 - $10.11
Shares used in computing basic net income per share (millions)(5) 960 964
Shares used in computing diluted net income per share (millions)(5) 972 977
(1) The Company's GAAP tax provision is expected to be approximately 24% for the three months ended October 31, 2024, and 
approximately 22.0% for the year ended January 31, 2025. The GAAP tax rates may fluctuate due to discrete tax items and 
related effects in conjunction with certain provisions in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, future acquisitions or other transactions.
(2) The Company's projected GAAP and non-GAAP diluted EPS assumes no change to the value of our strategic investment 
portfolio as it is not possible to forecast future gains and losses. The impact of future gains or losses from the Company’s 
strategic investment portfolio could be material.
(3) The estimated impact to GAAP diluted EPS is in connection with the Company's restructuring initiatives.
(4) The Company’s non-GAAP tax provision uses a long-term projected tax rate of 22.0%, which reflects currently available 
information and could be subject to change.
(5) The Company's shares used in computing GAAP earnings per share guidance and non-GAAP earnings per share guidance 
excludes any impact to share count from potential Q3 - Q4 FY25 repurchase activity under our share repurchase program.
For additional information regarding non-GAAP financial measures see the reconciliation of results and related 
explanations below.
Management will provide further commentary around these guidance assumptions on its earnings call.
Chief Financial Officer Transition
Amy Weaver has made the decision to step down from her role as President and Chief Financial Officer at 
Salesforce. She will remain CFO until a successor is appointed. After that time, Amy will be an advisor to the 
company.
“Amy has been an incredible executive at Salesforce, leading many of the company’s most important strategic and 
operational initiatives over the last decade. And, she has been an amazing partner to me personally,” said Benioff. 
“Among her many contributions, Amy oversaw our successful financial transformation over the past several years –
which has resulted in unprecedented margin expansion, increased operational excellence, and financial discipline 
across our organization. We are grateful that Amy’s transition period will allow us to conduct a thoughtful search for 
our next CFO, and we expect this to be a seamless transition.”
“My time at Salesforce has been an amazing journey, and it’s been a privilege to work alongside such a talented, 
dedicated and compassionate team,” said Weaver. “I’m especially proud of our work to drive increased profitability 
and productivity and introduce an enhanced capital return program, all while keeping our customers and our values 
as our north star. I am confident that Salesforce is well-positioned to accelerate its success in this next chapter.”
Product Releases and Enhancements
Three times a year Salesforce delivers new product releases, services, or enhancements to current products and 
services. These releases are a result of significant research and development investments made over multiple 
years, designed to help customers drive cost savings, boost efficiency, and build trust.
To view our major product releases and other highlights as part of the Summer 2024 Product Release, visit: 
www.salesforce.com/products/summer-24-release.
Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) Strategy

--- Page 4 ---
To learn more about our latest initiatives and priorities, review our Stakeholder Impact Report:
https://salesforce.com/stakeholder-impact-report.
Quarterly Conference Call
Salesforce plans to host a conference call at 2:00 p.m. (PT) / 5:00 p.m. (ET) to discuss its financial results with the 
investment community. A live webcast and replay details of the event will be available on the Salesforce Investor 
Relations website at www.salesforce.com/investor. 
About Salesforce
Salesforce is the #1 AI CRM, empowering companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way through 
the power of CRM + AI + Data + Trust on one unified platform: Einstein 1. For more information visit: 
www.salesforce.com (NYSE: CRM).
Mike Spencer
Salesforce
Investor Relations
investor@salesforce.com
Carolyn Guss
Salesforce
Public Relations
415-536-4966
pr@salesforce.com
###
"Safe harbor" statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: This press release contains 
forward-looking statements about the Company's financial and operating results and guidance, which include, but 
are not limited to, expected GAAP and non-GAAP financial and other operating and non-operating results, including 
revenue, net income, earnings per share, operating cash flow growth, operating margin, expected revenue growth, 
expected foreign currency exchange rate impact, expected current remaining performance obligation growth, 
expected tax rates or provisions, stock-based compensation expenses, amortization of purchased intangibles, 
shares outstanding, market growth, strategic investments, expected restructuring expense or charges and expected 
timing of product releases and enhancements. The achievement or success of the matters covered by such 
forward-looking statements involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions. If any such risks or uncertainties 
materialize or if any of the assumptions prove incorrect, the Company’s results or outcomes could differ materially 
and adversely from those expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to 
place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 
The risks and uncertainties referred to above include -- but are not limited to -- risks associated with: 
• our ability to maintain sufficient security levels and service performance, avoid downtime and prevent, 
detect and remediate performance degradation and security breaches; 
• our ability to secure sufficient data center capacity; 
• our reliance on third-party infrastructure providers, including hardware, software and platform providers and 
the organizations responsible for the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the Internet; 
• uncertainties regarding AI technologies and their integration into our product offerings; 
• our ability to achieve our aspirations, goals and projections related to our environmental, social and 
governance (“ESG”) initiatives; 
• the effect of evolving government regulations, including those related to our industry and providing services 
on or accessing the Internet, and those addressing ESG matters, data privacy, cybersecurity, cross-border 
data transfers, government contracting and procurement, and import and export controls; 
• current and potential litigation and regulatory investigations involving us or our industry; 
• our ability to successfully expand or introduce new services and product features, including related to AI 
and Agentforce; 
• our ability to successfully complete, integrate and realize the benefits from acquisitions or other strategic 
transactions; 

--- Page 5 ---
• uncertainties regarding the pace of change and innovation and our ability to compete in the markets in 
which we participate; 
• our ability to successfully execute our business strategy and our business plans, including efforts to expand 
internationally and related risks; 
• our ability to predict and meet expectations regarding our operating results and cash flows, including 
revenue and remaining performance obligation, including as a result of the seasonal nature of our sales 
cycle and the variability in our results arising from the accounting for term license revenue products and 
some complex transactions; 
• our ability to predict and limit customer attrition and costs related to those efforts; 
• the demands on our personnel and infrastructure resulting from significant growth in our customer base and 
operations, including as a result of acquisitions; 
• our real estate and office facilities strategy and related costs and uncertainties; 
• the performance of our strategic investment portfolio, including fluctuations in the fair value of our 
investments; 
• our ability to protect our intellectual property rights; 
• our ability to maintain and enhance our brands; 
• uncertainties regarding the valuation and potential availability of certain tax assets; 
• the impact of new accounting pronouncements and tax laws; 
• uncertainties affecting our ability to estimate our tax rate, including our tax obligations in connection with 
potential jurisdictional transfer of intellectual property; 
• uncertainties regarding the effect of geopolitical events, inflationary pressures, market and macroeconomic 
volatility, financial institution instability, changes in monetary policy, foreign currency exchange rate and 
interest rate fluctuations, a potential shutdown of the U.S. federal government and climate change, natural 
disasters and actual or threatened public health emergencies on our workforce, business, and operating 
results; 
• uncertainties regarding the impact of expensing stock options and other equity awards; 
• the sufficiency of our capital resources, including our ability to execute our share repurchase program and 
declare future cash dividends; 
• our ability to comply with our debt covenants and lease obligations; and
• uncertainties regarding impacts to our workforce and workplace culture, such as those arising from our 
current and future office environments or remote work policies or our ability to realize the expected benefits 
of the restructuring plan.
Further information on these and other factors that could affect the Company’s actual results or outcomes is 
included in the reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K and in other filings it makes with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission from time to time. These documents are available on the SEC Filings section of the Financials section 
of the Company’s website at http://investor.salesforce.com/financials/.
Salesforce, Inc. assumes no obligation and does not intend to revise or update publicly any forward-looking 
statements for any reason, except as required by law.
© 2024 Salesforce, Inc. All rights reserved. Salesforce and other marks are trademarks of Salesforce, Inc. Other 
brands featured herein may be trademarks of their respective owners.
#

--- Page 6 ---
Salesforce, Inc.
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations
(in millions, except per share data)
(Unaudited)
2 Three Months Ended July 31, Six Months Ended July 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
Revenues:
Subscription and support $ 8,764 $ 8,006 $ 17,349 $ 15,648
Professional services and other 561 597 1,109 1,202
Total revenues 9,325 8,603 18,458 16,850
Cost of revenues (1)(2):
Subscription and support 1,556 1,515 3,116 3,025
Professional services and other 603 598 1,205 1,213
Total cost of revenues 2,159 2,113 4,321 4,238
Gross profit 7,166 6,490 14,137 12,612
Operating expenses (1)(2):
Research and development 1,349 1,220 2,717 2,427
Sales and marketing 3,224 3,113 6,463 6,267
General and administrative 711 632 1,358 1,270
Restructuring 99 49 107 760
Total operating expenses 5,383 5,014 10,645 10,724
Income from operations 1,783 1,476 3,492 1,888
Losses on strategic investments, net (37) (29) 0 (170)
Other income 91 45 212 100
Income before provision for income taxes 1,837 1,492 3,704 1,818
Provision for income taxes (408) (225) (742) (352)
Net income $ 1,429 $ 1,267 $ 2,962 $ 1,466
Basic net income per share $ 1.48 $ 1.30 $ 3.06 $ 1.50
Diluted net income per share (3) $ 1.47 $ 1.28 $ 3.03 $ 1.49
Shares used in computing basic net income per share 964 975 967 977
Shares used in computing diluted net income per share 973 986 979 987
(1) Amounts include amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations, as follows:
Three Months Ended July 31, Six Months Ended July 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
Cost of revenues $ 231 $ 250 $ 469 $ 498
Sales and marketing 223 222 446 445
(2) Amounts include stock-based compensation expense, as follows:
Three Months Ended July 31, Six Months Ended July 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
Cost of revenues $ 132 $ 112 $ 251 $ 215
Research and development 276 256 536 497
Sales and marketing 309 277 599 540
General and administrative 91 79 172 152
Restructuring 2 0 2 16
(3) During the three months ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, losses on strategic investments impacted GAAP diluted EPS 
by $(0.03) and $(0.02) based on a U.S. tax rate of 24.5% and non-GAAP diluted EPS by $(0.03) and $(0.02) based on a nonGAAP tax rate of 22.0% and 23.5%, respectively. During the six months ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, losses on strategic 

--- Page 7 ---
investments impacted GAAP diluted EPS by $0.00 and $(0.13) based on a U.S. tax rate of 24.5% and non-GAAP diluted EPS 
by $0.00 and $(0.13) based on a non-GAAP tax rate of 22.0% and 23.5%, respectively.
Salesforce, Inc.
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
(As a percentage of total revenues)
(Unaudited)
Three Months Ended July 31, Six Months Ended July 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
Revenues:
Subscription and support 94 % 93 % 94 % 93 %
Professional services and other 6 7 6 7
Total revenues 100 100 100 100
Cost of revenues (1)(2):
Subscription and support 17 18 17 18
Professional services and other 6 7 6 7
Total cost of revenues 23 25 23 25
Gross profit 77 75 77 75
Operating expenses (1)(2):
Research and development 14 14 15 14
Sales and marketing 35 36 35 37
General and administrative 8 7 7 8
Restructuring 1 1 1 5
Total operating expenses 58 58 58 64
Income from operations 19 17 19 11
Losses on strategic investments, net 0 0 0 (1)
Other income 1 0 1 1
Income before provision for income taxes 20 17 20 11
Provision for income taxes (5) (2) (4) (2)
Net income 15 % 15 % 16 % 9 %
(1) Amounts include amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations as a percentage of total 
revenues, as follows:
Three Months Ended July 31, Six Months Ended July 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
Cost of revenues 3 % 3 % 3 % 3 %
Sales and marketing 2 2 2 3
(2) Amounts include stock-based compensation expense as a percentage of total revenues, as follows:
Three Months Ended July 31, Six Months Ended July 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
Cost of revenues 2 % 1 % 1 % 1 %
Research and development 3 3 3 3
Sales and marketing 3 3 3 3
General and administrative 1 1 1 1
Restructuring 0 0 0 0

--- Page 8 ---
Salesforce, Inc.
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets
(in millions)
July 31, 2024 January 31, 2024
Assets (unaudited)
Current assets:
Cash and cash equivalents $ 7,682 $ 8,472
Marketable securities 4,954 5,722
Accounts receivable, net 5,391 11,414
Costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net 1,851 1,905
Prepaid expenses and other current assets 1,984 1,561
Total current assets 21,862 29,074
Property and equipment, net 3,580 3,689
Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 2,130 2,366
Noncurrent costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net 2,201 2,515
Strategic investments 5,017 4,848
Goodwill 48,941 48,620
Intangible assets acquired through business combinations, net 4,415 5,278
Deferred tax assets and other assets, net 4,034 3,433
Total assets $ 92,180 $ 99,823
Liabilities and stockholders’ equity
Current liabilities:
Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities $ 5,220 $ 6,111
Operating lease liabilities, current 559 518
Unearned revenue 15,222 19,003
Debt, current 0 999
Total current liabilities 21,001 26,631
Noncurrent debt 8,430 8,427
Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 2,404 2,644
Other noncurrent liabilities 2,712 2,475
Total liabilities 34,547 40,177
Stockholders’ equity:
Common stock 1 1
Treasury stock, at cost (18,182) (11,692)
Additional paid-in capital 62,143 59,841
Accumulated other comprehensive loss (236) (225)
Retained earnings 13,907 11,721
Total stockholders’ equity 57,633 59,646
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 92,180 $ 99,823

--- Page 9 ---
Salesforce, Inc.
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(in millions)
(Unaudited)
2 Three Months Ended July 31, Six Months Ended July 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
Operating activities:
Net income $ 1,429 $ 1,267 $ 2,962 $ 1,466
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by 
operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization (1) 907 890 1,786 2,144
Amortization of costs capitalized to obtain revenue 
contracts, net
526 476 1,043 946
Stock-based compensation expense 810 724 1,560 1,420
Losses on strategic investments, net 37 29 0 170
Changes in assets and liabilities, net of business 
combinations:
Accounts receivable, net (1,136) (768) 6,026 5,355
Costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net (427) (331) (675) (606)
Prepaid expenses and other current assets and other 
assets (477) (52) (991) (343)
Accounts payable and accrued expenses and other 
liabilities 220 (376) (535) (1,779)
Operating lease liabilities (158) (167) (243) (335)
Unearned revenue (839) (884) (3,794) (3,139)
Net cash provided by operating activities 892 808 7,139 5,299
Investing activities:
Business combinations, net of cash acquired 0 0 (338) 0
Purchases of strategic investments (104) (182) (307) (287)
Sales of strategic investments 52 13 105 22
Purchases of marketable securities (550) (1,798) (3,802) (2,166)
Sales of marketable securities 2,482 533 3,098 802
Maturities of marketable securities 898 462 1,534 1,247
Capital expenditures (137) (180) (300) (423)
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 2,641 (1,152) (10) (805)
Financing activities:
Repurchases of common stock (4,335) (1,949) (6,468) (4,003)
Proceeds from employee stock plans 202 362 735 811
Principal payments on financing obligations (285) (282) (405) (392)
Repayments of debt (1,000) (181) (1,000) (1,182)
Payments of dividends (384) 0 (772) 0
Net cash used in financing activities (5,802) (2,050) (7,910) (4,766)
Effect of exchange rate changes (7) 11 (9) 28
Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (2,276) (2,383) (790) (244)
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 9,958 9,155 8,472 7,016
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period $ 7,682 $ 6,772 $ 7,682 $ 6,772
(1) Includes amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations, depreciation of fixed assets and
amortization and impairment of right-of-use assets.

--- Page 10 ---
Salesforce, Inc.
Additional Metrics
(Unaudited)
Supplemental Revenue Analysis
Remaining Performance Obligation
Remaining performance obligation ("RPO") represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which
includes unearned revenue and unbilled amounts that will be recognized as revenue in future periods. RPO is influenced by
several factors, including seasonality, the timing of renewals, the timing of software license deliveries, average contract terms
and foreign currency exchange rates. Remaining performance obligation is also impacted by acquisitions. Unbilled portions of
RPO denominated in foreign currencies are revalued each period based on the period end exchange rates. The portion of RPO
that is unbilled is not recorded on the condensed consolidated balance sheets.
RPO consisted of the following (in billions):
Current Noncurrent Total
As of July 31, 2024 $ 26.5 $ 27.0 $ 53.5
As of April 30, 2024 26.4 27.5 53.9
As of January 31, 2024 27.6 29.3 56.9
As of October 31, 2023 23.9 24.4 48.3
As of July 31, 2023 24.1 22.5 46.6
Unearned Revenue
Unearned revenue represents amounts that have been invoiced in advance of revenue recognition and is recognized as 
revenue when transfer of control to customers has occurred or services have been provided. The change in unearned revenue 
was as follows (in millions):
Three Months Ended July 31, Six Months Ended July 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
Unearned revenue, beginning of period $ 16,061 $ 15,121 $ 19,003 $ 17,376
Billings and other (1) 8,430 7,723 14,538 13,660
Contribution from contract asset 56 (4) 126 51
Revenue recognized over time (8,852) (8,178) (17,423) (16,015)
Revenue recognized at a point in time (473) (425) (1,035) (835)
Unearned revenue from business combinations 0 0 13 0
Unearned revenue, end of period $ 15,222 $ 14,237 $ 15,222 $ 14,237
(1) Other includes, for example, the impact of foreign currency translation.
Disaggregation of Revenue
Subscription and Support Revenue by the Company's service offerings
Subscription and support revenues consisted of the following (in millions):
Three Months Ended July 31, Six Months Ended July 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
Sales $ 2,071 $ 1,895 $ 4,069 $ 3,705
Service 2,257 2,049 4,439 4,013
Platform and Other 1,786 1,638 3,504 3,205
Marketing and Commerce 1,308 1,238 2,590 2,408
Integration and Analytics (1) 1,342 1,186 2,747 2,317
$ 8,764 $ 8,006 $ 17,349 $ 15,648
(1) In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company renamed the service offering previously referred to as Data to Integration 
and Analytics, which includes Mulesoft and Tableau. 

--- Page 11 ---
Total Revenue by Geographic Locations
Revenues by geographical region consisted of the following (in millions):
Three Months Ended July 31, Six Months Ended July 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
Americas $ 6,201 $ 5,769 $ 12,263 $ 11,251
Europe 2,184 1,974 4,329 3,925
Asia Pacific 940 860 1,866 1,674
$ 9,325 $ 8,603 $ 18,458 $ 16,850
Constant Currency Growth Rates
Subscription and support revenues constant currency growth rates by the Company's service offerings were as follows:
Three Months Ended
July 31, 2024
Compared to Three Months
Ended July 31, 2023
Three Months Ended
April 30, 2024
Compared to Three Months
Ended April 30, 2023
Three Months Ended
July 31, 2023
Compared to Three Months
Ended July 31, 2022
Sales 10% 11% 12%
Service 11% 11% 12%
Platform and Other 10% 10% 11%
Marketing and Commerce 7% 10% 10%
Integration and Analytics (1) 14% 25% 16%
(1) In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company renamed the service offering previously referred to as Data to Integration 
and Analytics, which includes Mulesoft and Tableau.
Revenue constant currency growth rates by geographical region were as follows: 
Three Months Ended
July 31, 2024
Compared to Three Months
Ended July 31, 2023
Three Months Ended
April 30, 2024
Compared to Three Months
Ended April 30, 2023
Three Months Ended
July 31, 2023
Compared to Three Months
Ended July 31, 2022
Americas 8% 11% 10%
Europe 11% 9% 11%
Asia Pacific 16% 21% 24%
Total growth 9% 11% 11%
Current remaining performance obligation constant currency growth rates were as follows:
July 31, 2024
Compared to
July 31, 2023
April 30, 2024
Compared to
April 30, 2023
July 31, 2023
Compared to
July 31, 2022
Total growth 11% 10% 11%
Salesforce, Inc.
GAAP Results Reconciled to Non-GAAP Results
The following tables reflect selected GAAP results reconciled to Non-GAAP results. 
(in millions, except per share data)
(Unaudited)

--- Page 12 ---
Three Months Ended July 31, Six Months Ended July 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
Non-GAAP income from operations
GAAP income from operations $ 1,783 $ 1,476 $ 3,492 $ 1,888
Plus:
Amortization of purchased intangibles (1) 454 472 915 943
Stock-based compensation expense (2)(3) 808 724 1,558 1,404
Restructuring 99 49 107 760
Non-GAAP income from operations $ 3,144 $ 2,721 $ 6,072 $ 4,995
Non-GAAP operating margin as a percentage of revenues
Total revenues $ 9,325 $ 8,603 $ 18,458 $ 16,850
GAAP operating margin (4) 19.1 % 17.2 % 18.9 % 11.2 %
Non-GAAP operating margin (4) 33.7 % 31.6 % 32.9 % 29.6 %
Non-GAAP net income
GAAP net income $ 1,429 $ 1,267 $ 2,962 $ 1,466
Plus:
Amortization of purchased intangibles (1) 454 472 915 943
Stock-based compensation expense (2)(3) 808 724 1,558 1,404
Restructuring 99 49 107 760
Income tax effects and adjustments (295) (418) (640) (805)
Non-GAAP net income $ 2,495 $ 2,094 $ 4,902 $ 3,768
Three Months Ended July 31, Six Months Ended July 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
Non-GAAP diluted net income per share
GAAP diluted net income per share $ 1.47 $ 1.28 $ 3.03 $ 1.49
Plus:
Amortization of purchased intangibles (1) 0.47 0.48 0.93 0.96
Stock-based compensation expense (2)(3) 0.83 0.73 1.59 1.42
Restructuring 0.10 0.05 0.11 0.77
Income tax effects and adjustments (0.31) (0.42) (0.65) (0.82)
Non-GAAP diluted net income per share $ 2.56 $ 2.12 $ 5.01 $ 3.82
Shares used in computing non-GAAP diluted net income per 
share 973 986 979 987
(1) Amortization of purchased intangibles was as follows:
Three Months Ended July 31, Six Months Ended July 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
Cost of revenues $ 231 $ 250 $ 469 $ 498
Sales and marketing 223 222 446 445
$ 454 $ 472 $ 915 $ 943
(2) Stock-based compensation expense, excluding stock-based compensation expense related to restructuring, was as 
follows:

--- Page 13 ---
Three Months Ended July 31, Six Months Ended July 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
Cost of revenues $ 132 $ 112 $ 251 $ 215
Research and development 276 256 536 497
Sales and marketing 309 277 599 540
General and administrative 91 79 172 152
$ 808 $ 724 $ 1,558 $ 1,404
(3) Stock-based compensation expense included in the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation tables above excludes stockbased compensation expense related to restructuring activities for the three months ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 of $2 and $0 
million, respectively, and for the six months ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 of $2 and $16 million, respectively, which are 
included in the restructuring line.
(4) GAAP operating margin is the proportion of GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue. NonGAAP operating margin is the proportion of non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue. NonGAAP income from operations excludes the impact of the amortization of purchased intangibles, stock-based compensation 
expense and charges associated with the Company's restructuring activities.

--- Page 14 ---
Salesforce, Inc.
Computation of Basic and Diluted GAAP and Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share 
(in millions, except per share data)
(Unaudited)
Three Months Ended July 31, Six Months Ended July 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
GAAP Basic Net Income Per Share
Net income $ 1,429 $ 1,267 $ 2,962 $ 1,466
Basic net income per share $ 1.48 $ 1.30 $ 3.06 $ 1.50
Shares used in computing basic net income per share 964 975 967 977
Three Months Ended July 31, Six Months Ended July 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
Non-GAAP Basic Net Income Per Share
Non-GAAP net income $ 2,495 $ 2,094 $ 4,902 $ 3,768
Non-GAAP basic net income per share $ 2.59 $ 2.15 $ 5.07 $ 3.86
Shares used in computing non-GAAP basic net income per 
share 964 975 967 977
Three Months Ended July 31, Six Months Ended July 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
GAAP Diluted Net Income Per Share
Net income $ 1,429 $ 1,267 $ 2,962 $ 1,466
Diluted net income per share (3) $ 1.47 $ 1.28 $ 3.03 $ 1.49
Shares used in computing diluted net income per share 973 986 979 987
Three Months Ended July 31, Six Months Ended July 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
Non-GAAP Diluted Net Income Per Share
Non-GAAP net income $ 2,495 $ 2,094 $ 4,902 $ 3,768
Non-GAAP diluted net income per share $ 2.56 $ 2.12 $ 5.01 $ 3.82
Shares used in computing non-GAAP diluted net income per 
share 973 986 979 987
Supplemental Cash Flow Information
Computation of Free Cash Flow, a Non-GAAP Measure
(in millions)
(Unaudited)
Three Months Ended July 31, Six Months Ended July 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
GAAP net cash provided by operating activities $ 892 $ 808 $ 7,139 $ 5,299
Capital expenditures (137) (180) (300) (423)
Free cash flow $ 755 $ 628 $ 6,839 $ 4,876

--- Page 15 ---
Non-GAAP Financial Measures: This press release includes information about non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP net 
income per share, non-GAAP tax rates, free cash flow, constant currency revenue, constant currency subscription and support 
revenue growth rate and constant currency current remaining performance obligation growth rates (collectively the “non-GAAP 
financial measures”). These non-GAAP financial measures are measurements of financial performance that are not prepared in 
accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and computational methods may differ from those used by other 
companies. Non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP 
measures and should be read only in conjunction with the Company’s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance 
with GAAP. Management uses both GAAP and non-GAAP measures when planning, monitoring and evaluating the Company’s 
performance. 
The primary purpose of using non-GAAP measures is to provide supplemental information that may prove useful to investors 
and to enable investors to evaluate the Company’s results in the same way management does. Management believes that 
supplementing GAAP disclosure with non-GAAP disclosure provides investors with a more complete view of the Company’s 
operational performance and allows for meaningful period-to-period comparisons and analysis of trends in the Company’s 
business. Further to the extent that other companies use similar methods in calculating non-GAAP measures, the provision of 
supplemental non-GAAP information can allow for a comparison of the Company’s relative performance against other 
companies that also report non-GAAP operating results. 
Non-GAAP Operating Margin is the proportion of non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue. NonGAAP income from operations excludes the impact of the following items: stock-based compensation expense, amortization of 
acquisition-related intangibles and charges associated with the Company's restructuring activities. Non-GAAP net income per 
share excludes, to the extent applicable, the impact of the following items: stock-based compensation expense, amortization of 
purchased intangibles, charges related to the Company's restructuring activities and income tax adjustments. These items are 
excluded because the decisions that give rise to them are not made to increase revenue in a particular period, but instead for the 
Company’s long-term benefit over multiple periods. 
As described above, the Company excludes or adjusts for the following in its non-GAAP results and guidance:
• Stock-Based Compensation Expense: The Company’s compensation strategy includes the use of stock-based 
compensation expense to attract and retain employees and executives. It is principally aimed at aligning their interests 
with those of our stockholders and at long-term employee retention, rather than to motivate or reward operational 
performance for any particular period. Thus, stock-based compensation expense varies for reasons that are generally 
unrelated to operational decisions and performance in any particular period. 
• Amortization of Purchased Intangibles: The Company views amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, such 
as the amortization of the cost associated with an acquired company’s research and development efforts, trade names, 
customer lists and customer relationships, and, in some cases, acquired lease intangibles, as items arising from preacquisition activities determined at the time of an acquisition. While these intangible assets are continually evaluated 
for impairment, amortization of the cost of purchased intangibles is a static expense, which is not typically affected by 
operations during any particular period. Although the Company excludes the amortization of purchased intangibles 
from these non-GAAP measures, management believes that it is important for investors to understand that such 
intangible assets were recorded as part of purchase accounting and contribute to revenue generation. 
• Restructuring: Restructuring charges are costs associated with a formal restructuring plan and may include employee 
notice period costs and severance payments, lease or contract termination costs, asset impairments, accelerated 
depreciation and amortization and other related expenses. The Company excludes these restructuring charges because 
they are distinct from ongoing operational costs and it does not believe they are reflective of current and expected 
future business performance and operating results.
• Gains (Losses) on Strategic Investments, net: The Company records all fair value adjustments to its equity securities 
held within the strategic investment portfolio through the statement of operations. As it is not possible to forecast 
future gains and losses, the Company assumes no change to the value of its strategic investment portfolio in its GAAP 
and non-GAAP estimates for future periods, including its guidance. Gains (Losses) on Strategic Investments, net, are 
included in its GAAP financial statements.
• Income Tax Effects and Adjustments: The Company utilizes a fixed long-term projected non-GAAP tax rate in order to 
provide better consistency across the interim reporting periods by eliminating the effects of items such as changes in 
the tax valuation allowance and tax effects of acquisition-related costs, since each of these can vary in size and 

--- Page 16 ---
frequency. When projecting this long-term rate, the Company evaluated a three-year financial projection that excludes 
the direct impact of the following non-cash items: stock-based compensation expenses and the amortization of 
purchased intangibles. The projected rate also considers factors including the Company’s expected tax structure, its tax 
positions in various jurisdictions and key legislation in major jurisdictions where the Company operates. For fiscal 
2024, the Company used a projected non-GAAP tax rate of 23.5%. For fiscal 2025, the Company uses a projected nonGAAP tax rate of 22.0%, which reflects currently available information, as well as other factors and assumptions. The 
non-GAAP tax rate could be subject to change for a variety of reasons, including the rapidly evolving global tax 
environment, significant changes in the Company’s geographic earnings mix due to acquisition activity or other 
changes to the Company’s strategy or business operations. The Company will re-evaluate its long-term rate as 
appropriate.
The Company presents constant currency information to provide a framework for assessing how the Company's underlying 
business performed excluding the effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations. To present constant currency revenue growth 
rates, current and comparative prior period results for entities reporting in currencies other than United States dollars are
converted into United States dollars at the weighted average exchange rate for the quarter being compared to rather than the 
actual exchange rates in effect during that period. To present current remaining performance obligation growth rates on a 
constant currency basis, current remaining performance obligation balances in local currencies in previous comparable periods
are converted using the United States dollar currency exchange rate as of the most recent balance sheet date.
The Company defines the non-GAAP measure free cash flow as GAAP net cash provided by operating activities, less capital 
expenditures.

================================================================================
FILE: CRMQ3FY25EarningsPresentation.pdf
================================================================================

--- Page 1 ---
Financial Update
Q3 FY25
NYSE: CRM
@Salesforce_ir

--- Page 2 ---
"Safe harbor" statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: This presentation contains forward-looking statements about the Company's financial and operating 
results and guidance, which include, but are not limited to, expected GAAP and non-GAAP financial and other operating and non-operating results, including revenue, net income, earnings 
per share, operating cash flow growth, operating margin, expected revenue growth, expected foreign currency exchange rate impact, expected current remaining performance obligation 
growth, expected tax rates or provisions, stock-based compensation expenses, amortization of purchased intangibles, shares outstanding, market growth, strategic investments, expected 
restructuring expense or charges, and expected timing of product releases and enhancements. The achievement or success of the matters covered by such forward-looking statements 
involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions. If any such risks or uncertainties materialize or if any of the assumptions prove incorrect, the Company’s results or outcomes could differ 
materially and adversely from those expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.
The risks and uncertainties referred to above include -- but are not limited to -- risks associated with: our ability to maintain sufficient security levels and service performance, avoid 
downtime and prevent, detect and remediate performance degradation and security breaches; our ability to secure sufficient data center capacity; our reliance on third-party infrastructure 
providers, including hardware, software and platform providers and the organizations responsible for the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the Internet; uncertainties 
regarding AI technologies and their integration into our product offerings; our ability to achieve our aspirations, goals and projections related to our environmental, social and governance 
(“ESG”) initiatives; the effect of evolving government regulations, including those related to our industry and providing services on or accessing the Internet, and those addressing ESG 
matters, data privacy, cybersecurity, cross-border data transfers, government contracting and procurement, and import and export controls; current and potential litigation and regulatory 
investigations involving us or our industry; our ability to successfully expand or introduce new services and product features; our ability to successfully complete, integrate and realize the 
benefits from acquisitions or other strategic transactions; uncertainties regarding the pace of change and innovation and our ability to compete in the markets in which we participate; our 
ability to successfully execute our business strategy and our business plans, including efforts to expand internationally and related risks; our ability to predict and meet expectations 
regarding our operating results and cash flows, including revenue and remaining performance obligation, including as a result of the seasonal nature of our sales cycle and the variability in 
our results arising from the accounting for term license revenue products and some complex transactions; our ability to predict and limit customer attrition and costs related to those 
efforts; the demands on our personnel and infrastructure resulting from significant growth in our customer base and operations, including as a result of acquisitions; our real estate and 
office facilities strategy and related costs and uncertainties; the performance of our strategic investment portfolio, including fluctuations in the fair value of our investments; our ability to 
protect our intellectual property rights; our ability to maintain and enhance our brands; uncertainties regarding the valuation and potential availability of certain tax assets; the impact of 
new accounting pronouncements and tax laws; uncertainties affecting our ability to estimate our tax rate, including our tax obligations in connection with potential jurisdictional transfer of 
intellectual property; uncertainties regarding the effect of geopolitical events, inflationary pressures, market and macroeconomic volatility, financial institution instability, changes in 
monetary policy, foreign currency exchange rate and interest rate fluctuations, a potential shutdown of the U.S. federal government and climate change, natural disasters and actual or 
threatened public health emergencies on our workforce, business, and operating results; uncertainties regarding the impact of expensing stock options and other equity awards; the 
sufficiency of our capital resources, including our ability to execute our share repurchase program and declare future cash dividends; our ability to comply with our debt covenants and 
lease obligations; and uncertainties regarding impacts to our workforce and workplace culture, such as those arising from our current and future office environments or remote work 
policies or our ability to realize the expected benefits of the restructuring plan.
Further information on these and other factors that could affect the Company’s actual results or outcomes is included in the reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K and in other filings it 
makes with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time. These documents are available on the SEC Filings section of the Financials section of the Company’s website at 
http://investor.salesforce.com/financials/. Salesforce, Inc. assumes no obligation and does not intend to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as 
required by law.
2
Safe Harbor

--- Page 3 ---
 - Salesforce is the #1 CRM software provider worldwide by revenue for 11 consecutive years1
- Consistently delivering durable revenue growth, more than tripling from $10.5 billion in FY18 to $34.9 billion in FY24
 - Fastest growing top five enterprise software company with $34.9 billion in revenue in FY24
 - Uniquely positioned to help our customers drive broad-based digital transformation
Delivering profitable growth at scale
Company Overview
1
Source: IDC, Worldwide Semiannual Software Tracker, October 2024. CRM market includes the following IDC-defined functional markets: Sales Force Productivity and Management, Marketing Campaign Management, 
Customer Service, Contact Center, Advertising, and Digital Commerce Applications. 3

--- Page 4 ---
Financial Overview
Quarterly Results
4

--- Page 5 ---
1
The non-GAAP columns present non-GAAP financial metrics, including non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share, and free cash flow, and the related non-GAAP growth rates as compared to prior periods. 
Non-GAAP revenue and non-GAAP current performance obligation ("cRPO") represent constant currency ("CC") results. Refer to slides 7 and 8 for explanations of non-GAAP CC revenue growth and slide 10 for non-GAAP CC cRPO 
growth. Refer to the Appendix for an explanation of non-GAAP financial measures, why we believe these measures can be helpful, and a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures, 
when applicable.
2Diluted Earnings Per Share is calculated using GAAP revenue.
Q3 FY25 Financial Summary
$9,407M 8%
$8,844M 9%
N/A 10%
N/A N/A
33.1% 190 bps
$2.41 14%
N/A N/A
$1,779M 30%
$9,444M 8%
$8,879M 9%
$26.4B 10%
$53.1B 10%
20.0% 280 bps
$1.58 26%
$1,983M 29%
N/A N/A
Quarterly Results Change Y/Y Quarterly Results Change Y/Y
GAAP Non-GAAP1
Total Revenue
Current Remaining Performance Obligation
Total Remaining Performance Obligation
Operating Margin
Diluted Earnings Per Share2
Operating Cash Flow
5
Our framework for profitable growth generated strong financial results
Free Cash Flow
Subscription & Support Revenue

--- Page 6 ---
Guidance 
6
Q4 FY25 Guidance1,5 Full Year FY25
Guidance1,5
Total Revenue $9.90 - $10.10 Billion $37.8 - $38.0 Billion
 Y/Y Growth 7 - 9% 8 - 9%
 FX Impact2($25M) Y/Y FX ($100M) Y/Y FX
Subscription & Support Revenue Growth (Y/Y)3, 4 N/A Slightly below 10%, 
Approx 10% CC
GAAP Operating Margin N/A 19.8%
Non-GAAP Operating Margin4 N/A 32.9%
GAAP Diluted Earnings per Share4$1.55 - $1.60 $6.15 - $6.20
Non-GAAP Diluted Earnings per Share4$2.57 - $2.62 $9.98 - $10.03
Operating Cash Flow Growth (Y/Y) N/A 24% to 26%
Current Remaining Performance Obligation Growth (Y/Y) Approximately 9% N/A
 FX Impact2($100M) Y/Y FX N/A
1
This guidance does not reflect any potential future gains or losses on our strategic investment portfolio, as it is not possible to forecast future gains and losses, and is based on estimated GAAP tax rates that reflect the Company’s 
currently available information and excludes forecasted discrete tax items such as excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation. The GAAP tax rates may fluctuate due to discrete tax items and related effects in conjunction 
with certain provisions in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, future acquisitions or other transactions.
2
Revenue FX impact is calculated by taking the current period rates compared to the prior period average rates. Current Remaining Performance Obligation FX impact is calculated by taking the current period rates compared to the 
prior period ending rates. 
3
Subscription & Support revenue excludes professional services revenue.
4Non-GAAP CC revenue growth, non-GAAP operating margin and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share are non-GAAP financial measures. Refer to the Appendix for an explanation of non-GAAP financial measures. The Company's 
shares used in computing GAAP diluted earnings per share guidance and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share guidance excludes any impact to share count from potential Q4 FY25 repurchase activity under our Share Repurchase 
Program. 
5Guidance assumes contributions from acquisitions of Zoomin Software Ltd. and Own Data Company Ltd., which closed in November 2024.
Compounding top and bottom-line growth
6

--- Page 7 ---
Subscription & Support and Acquisition Growth Trends
Q3 FY25 Disaggregation of Revenue
7
FY24 FY25
Year-over-Year Growth in 
Constant Currency1 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1 Q2 Q3
Sales 13% 12% 10% 10% 11% 10% 11%
Service 13% 12% 11% 12% 11% 11% 10%
Platform and Other 12% 11% 11% 10% 10% 10% 8%
Marketing and Commerce 10% 10% 8% 7% 10% 7% 8%
Integration and Analytics220% 16% 22% 21% 25% 14% 5%
Total Subscription & Support 
Revenue 13% 12% 12% 12% 13% 10% 9%
MuleSoft Total Revenue (CC)3
26% 17% 26% 19% 27% 13% 1%
Tableau Total Revenue (CC)3
12% 13% 16% 20% 21% 11% 5%
Slack Total Revenue3
20% 16% 18% 16% 17% 17% 8%
1Non-GAAP revenue CC growth rates as compared to the comparable prior period. Refer to the Appendix for an explanation of constant currency calculations and the basis of presentation. 
2
In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024, the Company renamed the service offering previously referred to as Data to Integration and Analytics, which includes MuleSoft and Tableau. 
3MuleSoft, Tableau and Slack's contributions to total revenue include professional services revenue and subscription and support revenue. 

--- Page 8 ---
Incremental investments in international markets driving growth
Q3 FY25 Revenue by Region
8
FY24 FY25
Year-Over-Year Growth in 
Constant Currency1 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1 Q2 Q3
Americas 10% 10% 9% 9% 11% 8% 6%
EMEA 17% 11% 10% 11% 9% 11% 9%
APAC 24% 24% 21% 19% 21% 16% 14%
Total Revenue213% 11% 10% 10% 11% 9% 8%
1Non-GAAP revenue CC growth rates as compared to the comparable prior period. Refer to the Appendix for an explanation of constant currency calculations and the basis of presentation. 
2
Revenues by geography are determined based on the region of the Company's contracting entity, which may be different than the region of the customer.

--- Page 9 ---
Q3 FY25 Non-GAAP Expense Profile 
1Non-GAAP operating margin is the proportion of non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue and is a non-GAAP financial measure. Non-GAAP expense as a percentage of revenue is the proportion of 
non-GAAP expense categories as a percentage of GAAP revenue and is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the Appendix for an explanation of which items are excluded from our non-GAAP financial measures and why we 
believe these measures can be useful, as well as a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures, when applicable.
280 bps
GAAP Operating Margin
190 bps
Non-GAAP Operating Margin1
69% 68% 68% 66% 67%
31% 30%
21% 19%
11% 11%
6% 7%
Non-GAAP Sales & Marketing % of Revenue
Non-GAAP Cost of Revenues % of Revenue
Non-GAAP Research & Development % of Revenue
Non-GAAP General & Administrative % of Revenue
Q3'24 Q4'24 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25
9
Q3 FY25
Y/Y
A New Day for Profitable Growth — driving efficiency across the business 
1
1
1
1

--- Page 10 ---
Q3 FY25 Key Financial Metric Trends
10
FY24 FY25
Year-over-Year Growth Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1 Q2 Q3
Current Remaining Performance 
Obligation (cRPO) GAAP / CC1
12% / 12% 12% / 11% 14% / 13% 12% / 13% 10% / 10% 10% / 11% 10% / 10%
FX $ (Headwind) / Tailwind2— — — — ($200M) ($300M) $100M
Total Remaining Performance 
Obligation 11% 12% 21% 17% 15% 15% 10%
Operating Cash Flow 22% 142% 389% 22% 39% 10% 29%
Free Cash Flow321% 379% 1088% 27% 43% 20% 30%
1
To present non-GAAP CC cRPO growth, cRPO balances in local currencies in previous comparable periods are converted using the United States dollar currency exchange rate as of the most recent balance sheet date.
2
As of Q1'25, the Company is prospectively disclosing the FX (headwind) / tailwind in dollars to cRPO.
3
Free cash flow ("FCF") is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the Appendix for an explanation of non-GAAP financial measures, and why we believe these measures can be useful, as well as a table including a reconciliation 
of FCF to the most comparable GAAP financial measure.

--- Page 11 ---
In Q3 FY25, $1.6B Capital Returned to Stockholders
(2%) YoY
Diluted Share Count
(2)% (2)%
Diluted Share Count YoY
Q3'24 Q4'24 Q1'25 Q2'25 Q3'25
11
Q3 FY25
981M
965M
$19.4B
Repurchased Since 
Inception of the Total 
$30B Authorized
$1.2B
Quarterly Dividend 
Payments to Date

--- Page 12 ---
Thank you
12

--- Page 13 ---
Appendix
13

--- Page 14 ---
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
This presentation includes information about non-GAAP earnings per share, non-GAAP income from operations, non-GAAP 
expenses, non-GAAP operating margin, free cash flow and constant currency revenue and constant currency current 
remaining performance obligation growth rates (collectively the “non-GAAP financial measures”). These non-GAAP financial 
measures are measurements of financial performance that are not prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted 
accounting principles and computational methods may differ from those used by other companies. Non-GAAP financial 
measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read 
only in conjunction with the Company’s condensed consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
Management uses both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures when planning, monitoring and evaluating the Company’s 
performance.
The primary purpose of using non-GAAP financial measures is to provide supplemental information that may prove useful 
to investors and to enable investors to evaluate the Company’s results in the same way management does. Management 
believes that supplementing GAAP disclosure with non-GAAP disclosure provides investors with a more complete view of 
the Company’s operational performance and allows for meaningful period-to-period comparisons and analysis of trends in 
the Company’s business. Further, to the extent that other companies use similar methods in calculating non-GAAP financial 
measures, the provision of supplemental non-GAAP information can allow for a comparison of the Company’s relative 
performance against other companies that also report non-GAAP operating results.
Non-GAAP operating margin is the proportion of non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue. 
Non-GAAP income from operations excludes the impact of the following items: stock-based compensation expense, 
amortization of acquisition-related intangibles and charges related to the restructuring initiatives.
Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share excludes, to the extent applicable, the impact of the following items: stock-based 
compensation expense, amortization of purchased intangibles, charges related to the restructuring initiatives and income 
tax adjustments. These items are excluded because the decisions that give rise to them are not made to increase revenue 
in a particular period, but instead for the Company’s long-term benefit over multiple periods.
The Company defines the non-GAAP measure free cash flow as GAAP net cash provided by operating activities, less capital 
expenditures.
Constant currency information is provided as a framework for assessing how our underlying business performed excluding 
the effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations. To present constant currency revenue, current and comparative prior period 
results for entities reporting in currencies other than United States dollars are converted into United States dollars at the 
weighted average exchange rate for the quarter being compared to for growth rate calculations presented, rather than the 
actual exchange rates in effect during that period. To present current remaining performance obligation on a constant 
currency basis, we convert the current remaining performance obligation balances in local currencies in previous 
comparable periods using the United States dollar currency exchange rate as of the most recent balance sheet date. 14

--- Page 15 ---
GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Reconciliation
(in millions) Three Months Ended October 31, Full Year FY25 
Non-GAAP income from operations 2023 2024 Non-GAAP Operating Margin Guidance
GAAP income from operations $ 1,501 $ 1,893 GAAP operating margin219.8%
Plus: Plus:
 Amortization of purchased intangibles 468 354 Amortization of purchased intangibles4 4.3 %
 Stock-based compensation expense5 693 820 Stock-based compensation expense4,5 8.4 %
 Restructuring 55 56 Restructuring4,5 0.4 %
Non-GAAP income from operations1$ 2,717 $ 3,123 Non-GAAP operating margin2 32.9 %
Revenue 8,720 9,444 
Non-GAAP operating margin2 31.2 % 33.1 %
(in millions) Three Months Ended October 31,
Computations of free cash flow, a non-GAAP measure 2023 2024
GAAP net cash provided by operating activities $ 1,532 $ 1,983 
 (Capital expenditures) (166) (204) 
Free cash flow3 $ 1,366 $ 1,779 
Three Months Ended October 31, Full Year FY25
Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share 2023 2024 Q4 FY25 Guidance Guidance
GAAP diluted earnings per share $ 1.25 $ 1.58 $1.55 - $1.60 $6.15 - $6.20
Plus:
 Amortization of purchased intangibles 0.48 0.37 0.36 1.66 
 Stock-based compensation expense5 0.71 0.85 0.83 3.27 
 Restructuring 0.06 0.06 0.01 0.17 
 (Income tax effects and adjustments) (0.39) (0.45) (0.18) (1.27) 
Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share6$ 2.11 $ 2.41 $2.57 - $2.62 $9.98 - $10.03
Shares used in computing non-GAAP diluted earnings per share 
(millions) 981 965 978 975 
1Non-GAAP Income from operations is used to calculate non-GAAP Operating Margin. It excludes the impact of the amortization of purchased intangibles, stock-based compensation expense and charges related to the Company's 
restructuring initiatives.
2GAAP operating margin is the proportion of GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue. Non-GAAP operating margin is the proportion of non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue.
3
Free cash flow ("FCF") is defined as GAAP net cash provided by operating activities, less capital expenditures.
4
The percentages shown above have been calculated based on the midpoint of the low and high ends of the revenue guidance for full year FY25.
5
The percentages shown in the restructuring line have been calculated based on charges associated with the Company's restructuring initiatives. Stock-based compensation expense excludes stock-based compensation expense 
related to the Company's restructuring initiatives, which is included in the restructuring line.
6GAAP diluted earning per share ("EPS") is calculated by dividing GAAP net income by number of diluted shares. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is calculated by dividing non-GAAP net income by number of diluted shares. It excludes the 
impact of stock-based compensation expense, amortization of purchased intangibles, charges related to the restructuring initiatives and income tax adjustments. 15

--- Page 16 ---
GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Reconciliation
(in millions)
Period Q3 FY24 Q4 FY24 Q1 FY25 Q2 FY25 Q3 FY25
Revenue 8,720 9,287 9,133 9,325 9,444 
GAAP Cost of Revenues 2,155 2,148 2,162 2,159 2,105 
Less:
 Amortization of purchased intangibles 245 235 238 231 131 
 Stock-based compensation expense1
 109 107 119 132 135 
Non-GAAP Cost of Revenues 1,801 1,806 1,805 1,796 1,839 
Non-GAAP Cost of Revenues as a % of Revenue2
 21 % 19 % 20 % 19 % 19 %
GAAP Sales and Marketing Expense 3,173 3,437 3,239 3,224 3,323 
Less:
 Amortization of purchased intangibles 223 223 223 223 223 
 Stock-based compensation expense1
 275 247 290 309 312 
Non-GAAP Sales and Marketing Expense 2,675 2,967 2,726 2,692 2,788 
Non-GAAP Sales and Marketing Expense as a % of Revenue2 31 % 32 % 30 % 29 % 30 %
GAAP Research and Development Expense 1,204 1,275 1,368 1,349 1,356 
Less:
 Stock-based compensation expense1
 238 237 260 276 278 
Non-GAAP Research and Development Expense 966 1,038 1,108 1,073 1,078 
Non-GAAP Research and Development Expense as a % of 
Revenue2 11 % 11 % 12 % 11 % 11 %
GAAP General and Administrative Expense 632 632 647 711 711 
Less:
 Stock-based compensation expense1
 71 76 81 91 95 
Non-GAAP General and Administrative Expense 561 556 566 620 616 
Non-GAAP General and Administrative Expense as a % of 
Revenue2 6 % 6 % 6 % 7 % 7 %
1
Stock-based compensation expense included in the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation tables above excludes those expenses related to the Company's restructuring initiatives. For the three months ended July 31, 2024 and January 
31, 2024, $2 million and $7 million of such expense is excluded, respectively. No other quarters presented in this slide incurred stock-based compensation expense related to restructuring.
2Non-GAAP expense categories as a % of revenue are calculated using GAAP revenue.
16

================================================================================
FILE: CRMQ3FY25EarningsPressReleasewfinancials.pdf
================================================================================

--- Page 1 ---
Salesforce Announces Third Quarter Fiscal 2025 Results
SAN FRANCISCO, Calif. - December 3, 2024 - Salesforce (NYSE: CRM), the #1 AI CRM, today announced results 
for its third quarter fiscal 2025 ended October 31, 2024.
Third Quarter Highlights
• Third Quarter Revenue of $9.44 Billion, up 8% both Year-Over-Year ("Y/Y") & in Constant Currency
("CC"), inclusive of Subscription & Support Revenue of $8.88 Billion, up 9% both Y/Y & in CC
• Third Quarter GAAP Diluted Net Income Per Share was $1.58 and non-GAAP Diluted Net Income
Per Share was $2.41. GAAP and non-GAAP Diluted Net Income Per Share were Impacted by Losses
on Strategic Investments of $(0.17) and $(0.18), Respectively
• Third Quarter GAAP Operating Margin of 20.0% and non-GAAP Operating Margin of 33.1%
• Current Remaining Performance Obligation of $26.4 Billion, up 10% both Y/Y & in CC
• Third Quarter Operating Cash Flow of $1.98 Billion, up 29% Y/Y, and Free Cash Flow of $1.78
Billion, up 30% Y/Y
• Returned $1.2 Billion in the Form of Share Repurchases and $0.4 Billion in Dividend Payments to
Stockholders, Third Quarter Total Cash Returned to Stockholders of $1.6 Billion
FY25 Guidance Highlights
• Initiates Fourth Quarter FY25 Revenue Guidance of $9.90 Billion - $10.10 Billion, up 7% - 9% Y/Y
• Raises Low End of Full Year FY25 Revenue Guidance to $37.8 Billion to $38.0 Billion, up 8% - 9%
Y/Y and Maintains Full Year FY25 Subscription & Support Revenue Growth Guidance of Slightly 
Below 10% Y/Y & Approximately 10% in CC
• Raises Full Year FY25 GAAP Operating Margin Guidance to 19.8% and Raises non-GAAP Operating
Margin Guidance to 32.9%
• Raises Full Year FY25 Operating Cash Flow Growth Guidance to 24% to 26% Y/Y
"We delivered another quarter of exceptional financial performance across revenue, margin, cash flow, and cRPO,” 
said Marc Benioff, Chair and CEO, Salesforce. “Agentforce, our complete AI system for enterprises built into the 
Salesforce Platform, is at the heart of a groundbreaking transformation. The rise of autonomous AI agents is 
revolutionizing global labor, reshaping how industries operate and scale. With Agentforce, we’re not just witnessing 
the future—we’re leading it, unleashing a new era of digital labor for every business and every industry."
“We continue to drive disciplined profitable growth with third quarter GAAP operating margin of 20.0%, up 280 basis 
points year-over-year, and non-GAAP operating margin of 33.1%, up 190 basis points year-over-year,” said Amy 
Weaver, President and CFO of Salesforce. “To date, our total capital returns have surpassed $20 billion and we 
remain focused on driving shareholder value.”
Third Quarter Notes
Net Income Per Share: Third quarter GAAP diluted net income per share was $1.58 and non-GAAP diluted net 
income per share was $2.41. During the three months ended October 31, 2024, losses on strategic investments 
impacted GAAP diluted net income per share by $(0.17) on a U.S. tax rate of 24.5% and non-GAAP diluted net 
income per share by $(0.18) on a non-GAAP tax rate of 22.0%.
Guidance
Our guidance includes GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures.

--- Page 2 ---
Q4 FY25 
Guidance5
Full Year FY25
Guidance5
Total Revenue $9.90 - $10.10 Billion $37.8 - $38.0 Billion
 Y/Y Growth 7 - 9% 8 - 9%
 FX Impact(1) ($25M) Y/Y FX ($100M) Y/Y FX
Subscription & Support Revenue Growth (Y/Y)(2)(3) N/A Slightly below 10%, 
Approx 10% CC
GAAP Operating Margin N/A 19.8%
Non-GAAP Operating Margin(3) N/A 32.9%
GAAP Diluted Net Income per Share(3) $1.55 - $1.60 $6.15 - $6.20
Non-GAAP Diluted Net Income per Share(3) $2.57 - $2.62 $9.98 - $10.03
Operating Cash Flow Growth (Y/Y) N/A 24% to 26%
Current Remaining Performance Obligation Growth (Y/Y) Approximately 9% N/A
 FX Impact(4) ($100M) Y/Y FX N/A
(1) Revenue FX impact is calculated by taking the current period rates compared to the prior period average rates.
(2) Subscription & Support revenue excludes professional services revenue.
(3) Non-GAAP CC revenue growth, non-GAAP operating margin and non-GAAP Diluted net income per share are non-GAAP 
financial measures. See below for an explanation of non-GAAP financial measures. The Company's shares used in computing 
GAAP Diluted net income per share guidance and non-GAAP Diluted net income per share guidance excludes any impact to 
share count from potential Q4 FY25 repurchase activity under our share repurchase program.
(4) Current Remaining Performance Obligation FX impact is calculated by taking the current period rates compared to the prior 
period ending rates.
(5) Guidance assumes contributions from acquisitions of Zoomin Software Ltd. and Own Data Company Ltd., which closed in 
November 2024.
The following is a reconciliation of GAAP operating margin guidance to non-GAAP operating margin guidance for 
the full year:
Full Year FY25 
Guidance
GAAP operating margin(1) 19.8%
Plus
Amortization of purchased intangibles(2) 4.3%
Stock-based compensation expense(2)(3) 8.4%
Restructuring(2)(3) 0.4%
Non-GAAP operating margin(1) 32.9%
(1) GAAP operating margin is the proportion of GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue. Non-GAAP 
operating margin is the proportion of non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue.
(2) The percentages shown above have been calculated based on the midpoint of the low and high ends of the revenue guidance 
for full year FY25. 
(3) The percentages shown in the restructuring line have been calculated based on charges associated with the Company's 
restructuring initiatives. Stock-based compensation expense excludes stock-based compensation expense related to the 
Company's restructuring initiatives, which is included in the restructuring line. 
The following is a per share reconciliation of GAAP diluted net income per share to non-GAAP diluted net income 
per share guidance for the next quarter and the full year:

--- Page 3 ---
Fiscal 2025
Q4 FY25
GAAP diluted net income per share range(1)(2) $1.55 - $1.60 $6.15 - $6.20
Plus
Amortization of purchased intangibles $ 0.36 $ 1.66
Stock-based compensation expense $ 0.83 $ 3.27
Restructuring(3) $ 0.01 $ 0.17
Less
Income tax effects and adjustments(4) $ (0.18) $ (1.27)
Non-GAAP diluted net income per share(2) $2.57 - $2.62 $9.98 - $10.03
Shares used in computing basic net income per share (millions)(5) 960 962
Shares used in computing diluted net income per share (millions)(5) 978 975
(1) The Company's GAAP tax provision is expected to be approximately 26.0% for the three months ended January 31, 2025 and 
approximately 20.0% for the year ended January 31, 2025. The GAAP tax rates may fluctuate due to discrete tax items and 
related effects in conjunction with certain provisions in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, future acquisitions or other transactions.
(2) The Company's projected GAAP and non-GAAP diluted net income per share assumes no change to the value of our strategic 
investment portfolio as it is not possible to forecast future gains and losses. The impact of future gains or losses from the
Company’s strategic investment portfolio could be material.
(3) The estimated impact to GAAP diluted net income per share is in connection with the Company's restructuring initiatives.
(4) The Company’s non-GAAP tax provision uses a long-term projected tax rate of 22.0%, which reflects currently available 
information and could be subject to change.
(5) The Company's shares used in computing GAAP net income per share guidance and non-GAAP net income per share 
guidance excludes any impact to share count from potential Q4 FY25 repurchase activity under our share repurchase program.
For additional information regarding non-GAAP financial measures see the reconciliation of results and related 
explanations below.
Management will provide further commentary around these guidance assumptions on its earnings call.
Product Releases and Enhancements
Three times a year Salesforce delivers new product releases, services, or enhancements to current products and 
services. These releases are a result of significant research and development investments made over multiple 
years, designed to help customers drive cost savings, boost efficiency, and build trust.
To view our major product releases and other highlights as part of the Winter 2025 Product Release, visit: 
www.salesforce.com/products/innovation/winter-25-release.
Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) Strategy
To learn more about our latest initiatives and priorities, review our Stakeholder Impact Report:
https://salesforce.com/stakeholder-impact-report.
Quarterly Conference Call
Salesforce plans to host a conference call at 2:00 p.m. (PT) / 5:00 p.m. (ET) to discuss its financial results with the 
investment community. A live webcast and replay details of the event will be available on the Salesforce Investor 
Relations website at www.salesforce.com/investor. 
About Salesforce
Salesforce helps organizations of any size reimagine their business for the world of AI. With Agentforce, 
Salesforce's trusted platform, organizations can bring humans together with agents to drive customer success—
powered by AI, data, and action. Visit www.salesforce.com for more information.
Mike Spencer
Salesforce

--- Page 4 ---
Investor Relations
investor@salesforce.com
Carolyn Guss
Salesforce
Public Relations
415-536-4966
pr@salesforce.com
###
"Safe harbor" statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: This press release contains 
forward-looking statements about the Company's financial and operating results and guidance, which include, but 
are not limited to, expected GAAP and non-GAAP financial and other operating and non-operating results, including 
revenue, net income, net income per share, operating cash flow growth, operating margin, expected revenue 
growth, expected foreign currency exchange rate impact, expected current remaining performance obligation 
growth, expected tax rates or provisions, stock-based compensation expenses, amortization of purchased 
intangibles, shares outstanding, market growth, strategic investments, expected restructuring expense or charges 
and expected timing of product releases and enhancements. The achievement or success of the matters covered 
by such forward-looking statements involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions. If any such risks or uncertainties 
materialize or if any of the assumptions prove incorrect, the Company’s results or outcomes could differ materially 
and adversely from those expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to 
place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 
The risks and uncertainties referred to above include -- but are not limited to -- risks associated with: 
• our ability to maintain sufficient security levels and service performance, avoid downtime and prevent, 
detect and remediate performance degradation and security breaches; 
• our ability to secure sufficient data center capacity; 
• our reliance on third-party infrastructure providers, including hardware, software and platform providers and 
the organizations responsible for the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the Internet; 
• uncertainties regarding AI technologies and their integration into our product offerings; 
• our ability to achieve our aspirations, goals and projections related to our environmental, social and 
governance (“ESG”) initiatives; 
• the effect of evolving government regulations, including those related to our industry and providing services 
on or accessing the Internet, and those addressing ESG matters, data privacy, cybersecurity, cross-border 
data transfers, government contracting and procurement, and import and export controls; 
• current and potential litigation and regulatory investigations involving us or our industry; 
• our ability to successfully expand or introduce new services and product features, including related to AI 
and Agentforce; 
• our ability to successfully complete, integrate and realize the benefits from acquisitions or other strategic 
transactions; 
• uncertainties regarding the pace of change and innovation and our ability to compete in the markets in 
which we participate; 
• our ability to successfully execute our business strategy and our business plans, including efforts to expand 
internationally and related risks; 
• our ability to predict and meet expectations regarding our operating results and cash flows, including 
revenue and remaining performance obligation, including as a result of the seasonal nature of our sales 
cycle and the variability in our results arising from the accounting for term license revenue products and 
some complex transactions; 
• our ability to predict and limit customer attrition and costs related to those efforts; 
• the demands on our personnel and infrastructure resulting from significant growth in our customer base and 
operations, including as a result of acquisitions; 
• our real estate and office facilities strategy and related costs and uncertainties; 
• the performance of our strategic investment portfolio, including fluctuations in the fair value of our 
investments; 
• our ability to protect our intellectual property rights; 
• our ability to maintain and enhance our brands; 

--- Page 5 ---
• uncertainties regarding the valuation and potential availability of certain tax assets; 
• the impact of new accounting pronouncements and tax laws; 
• uncertainties affecting our ability to estimate our tax rate, including our tax obligations in connection with 
potential jurisdictional transfer of intellectual property; 
• uncertainties regarding the effect of geopolitical events, inflationary pressures, market and macroeconomic 
volatility, financial institution instability, changes in monetary policy, foreign currency exchange rate and 
interest rate fluctuations, a potential shutdown of the U.S. federal government and climate change, natural 
disasters and actual or threatened public health emergencies on our workforce, business, and operating 
results; 
• uncertainties regarding the impact of expensing stock options and other equity awards; 
• the sufficiency of our capital resources, including our ability to execute our share repurchase program and 
declare future cash dividends; 
• our ability to comply with our debt covenants and lease obligations; and
• uncertainties regarding impacts to our workforce and workplace culture, such as those arising from our 
current and future office environments or remote work policies or our ability to realize the expected benefits 
of the restructuring plan.
Further information on these and other factors that could affect the Company’s actual results or outcomes is 
included in the reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K and in other filings it makes with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission from time to time. These documents are available on the SEC Filings section of the Financials section 
of the Company’s website at http://investor.salesforce.com/financials/.
Salesforce, Inc. assumes no obligation and does not intend to revise or update publicly any forward-looking 
statements for any reason, except as required by law.
© 2024 Salesforce, Inc. All rights reserved. Salesforce and other marks are trademarks of Salesforce, Inc. Other 
brands featured herein may be trademarks of their respective owners.
#

--- Page 6 ---
Salesforce, Inc.
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations
(in millions, except per share data)
(Unaudited)
3 Three Months Ended October 31, Nine Months Ended October 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
Revenues:
Subscription and support $ 8,879 $ 8,141 $ 26,228 $ 23,789 
Professional services and other 565 579 1,674 1,781 
Total revenues 9,444 8,720 27,902 25,570 
Cost of revenues (1)(2):
Subscription and support 1,501 1,571 4,617 4,596 
Professional services and other 604 584 1,809 1,797 
Total cost of revenues 2,105 2,155 6,426 6,393 
Gross profit 7,339 6,565 21,476 19,177 
Operating expenses (1)(2):
Research and development 1,356 1,204 4,073 3,631 
Sales and marketing 3,323 3,173 9,786 9,440 
General and administrative 711 632 2,069 1,902 
Restructuring 56 55 163 815 
Total operating expenses 5,446 5,064 16,091 15,788 
Income from operations 1,893 1,501 5,385 3,389 
Losses on strategic investments, net (217) (72) (217) (242) 
Other income 70 58 282 158 
Income before provision for income taxes 1,746 1,487 5,450 3,305 
Provision for income taxes (219) (263) (961) (615) 
Net income $ 1,527 $ 1,224 $ 4,489 $ 2,690 
Basic net income per share $ 1.60 $ 1.26 $ 4.66 $ 2.76 
Diluted net income per share (3) $ 1.58 $ 1.25 $ 4.60 $ 2.73 
Shares used in computing basic net income per share 956 972 963 976 
Shares used in computing diluted net income per share 965 981 975 985 
(1) Amounts include amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations, as follows:
Three Months Ended October 31, Nine Months Ended October 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
Cost of revenues $ 131 $ 245 $ 600 $ 743 
Sales and marketing 223 223 669 668 
(2) Amounts include stock-based compensation expense, as follows:
Three Months Ended October 31, Nine Months Ended October 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
Cost of revenues $ 135 $ 109 $ 386 $ 324 
Research and development 278 238 814 735 
Sales and marketing 312 275 911 815 
General and administrative 95 71 267 223 
Restructuring 0 0 2 16 
(3) During the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, losses on strategic investments impacted GAAP diluted 
net income per share by $(0.17) and $(0.06) based on a U.S. tax rate of 24.5%, and non-GAAP diluted net income per share by 
$(0.18) and $(0.06) based on a non-GAAP tax rate of 22.0% and 23.5%, respectively. During the nine months ended October 

--- Page 7 ---
31, 2024 and 2023, losses on strategic investments impacted GAAP diluted net income per share by $(0.17) and $(0.19) based 
on a U.S. tax rate of 24.5%, and non-GAAP diluted net income per share by $(0.17) and $(0.19) based on a non-GAAP tax rate 
of 22.0% and 23.5%, respectively.
Salesforce, Inc.
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
(As a percentage of total revenues)
(Unaudited)
Three Months Ended October 31, Nine Months Ended October 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
Revenues:
Subscription and support 94 % 93 % 94 % 93 %
Professional services and other 6 7 6 7 
Total revenues 100 100 100 100 
Cost of revenues (1)(2):
Subscription and support 16 18 17 18 
Professional services and other 6 7 6 7 
Total cost of revenues 22 25 23 25 
Gross profit 78 75 77 75 
Operating expenses (1)(2):
Research and development 14 14 15 14 
Sales and marketing 35 36 35 37 
General and administrative 8 7 7 8 
Restructuring 1 1 1 3 
Total operating expenses 58 58 58 62 
Income from operations 20 17 19 13 
Losses on strategic investments, net (3) (1) 0 (1) 
Other income 1 1 1 1 
Income before provision for income taxes 18 17 20 13 
Provision for income taxes (2) (3) (4) (2) 
Net income 16 % 14 % 16 % 11 %
(1) Amounts include amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations as a percentage of total 
revenues, as follows:
Three Months Ended October 31, Nine Months Ended October 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
Cost of revenues 2 % 3 % 2 % 3 %
Sales and marketing 2 2 3 3 
(2) Amounts include stock-based compensation expense as a percentage of total revenues, as follows:
Three Months Ended October 31, Nine Months Ended October 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
Cost of revenues 2 % 1 % 2 % 1 %
Research and development 3 3 3 3 
Sales and marketing 3 3 3 3 
General and administrative 1 1 1 1 
Restructuring 0 0 0 0 

--- Page 8 ---
Salesforce, Inc.
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets
(in millions)
October 31, 2024 January 31, 2024
Assets (unaudited)
Current assets:
Cash and cash equivalents $ 7,997 $ 8,472 
Marketable securities 4,760 5,722 
Accounts receivable, net 4,741 11,414 
Costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net 1,836 1,905 
Prepaid expenses and other current assets 2,091 1,561 
Total current assets 21,425 29,074 
Property and equipment, net 3,416 3,689 
Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 2,167 2,366 
Noncurrent costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net 2,121 2,515 
Strategic investments 4,845 4,848 
Goodwill 49,093 48,620 
Intangible assets acquired through business combinations, net 4,119 5,278 
Deferred tax assets and other assets, net 4,209 3,433 
Total assets $ 91,395 $ 99,823 
Liabilities and stockholders’ equity
Current liabilities:
Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities $ 5,331 $ 6,111 
Operating lease liabilities, current 572 518 
Unearned revenue 13,472 19,003 
Debt, current 0 999 
Total current liabilities 19,375 26,631 
Noncurrent debt 8,432 8,427 
Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 2,420 2,644 
Other noncurrent liabilities 2,643 2,475 
Total liabilities 32,870 40,177 
Stockholders’ equity:
Common stock 1 1 
Treasury stock, at cost (19,414) (11,692) 
Additional paid-in capital 63,114 59,841 
Accumulated other comprehensive loss (225) (225) 
Retained earnings 15,049 11,721 
Total stockholders’ equity 58,525 59,646 
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 91,395 $ 99,823 

--- Page 9 ---
Salesforce, Inc.
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(in millions)
(Unaudited)
3 Three Months Ended October 31, Nine Months Ended October 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
Operating activities:
Net income $ 1,527 $ 1,224 $ 4,489 $ 2,690 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by 
operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization (1) 814 862 2,600 3,006 
Amortization of costs capitalized to obtain revenue 
contracts, net 525 482 1,568 1,428 
Stock-based compensation expense 820 693 2,380 2,113 
Losses on strategic investments, net 217 72 217 242 
Changes in assets and liabilities, net of business 
combinations:
Accounts receivable, net 655 550 6,681 5,905 
Costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net (430) (300) (1,105) (906) 
Prepaid expenses and other current assets and other 
assets (272) (407) (1,263) (750) 
Accounts payable and accrued expenses and other 
liabilities 32 172 (503) (1,607) 
Operating lease liabilities (144) (139) (387) (474) 
Unearned revenue (1,761) (1,677) (5,555) (4,816) 
Net cash provided by operating activities 1,983 1,532 9,122 6,831 
Investing activities:
Business combinations, net of cash acquired (179) (82) (517) (82) 
Purchases of strategic investments (67) (103) (374) (390) 
Sales of strategic investments 13 80 118 102 
Purchases of marketable securities (1,239) (661) (5,041) (2,827) 
Sales of marketable securities 554 315 3,652 1,117 
Maturities of marketable securities 905 563 2,439 1,810 
Capital expenditures (204) (166) (504) (589) 
Net cash used in investing activities (217) (54) (227) (859) 
Financing activities:
Repurchases of common stock (1,285) (1,925) (7,753) (5,928) 
Proceeds from employee stock plans 321 274 1,056 1,085 
Principal payments on financing obligations (100) (114) (505) (506) 
Repayments of debt 0 0 (1,000) (1,182) 
Payments of dividends (382) 0 (1,154) 0 
Net cash used in financing activities (1,446) (1,765) (9,356) (6,531) 
Effect of exchange rate changes (5) (32) (14) (4) 
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 315 (319) (475) (563) 
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 7,682 6,772 8,472 7,016 
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period $ 7,997 $ 6,453 $ 7,997 $ 6,453 
(1) Includes amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations, depreciation of fixed assets and 
amortization and impairment of right-of-use assets.

--- Page 10 ---
Salesforce, Inc.
Additional Metrics
(Unaudited)
Supplemental Revenue Analysis
Remaining Performance Obligation
Remaining performance obligation ("RPO") represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which 
includes unearned revenue and unbilled amounts that will be recognized as revenue in future periods. RPO is influenced by 
several factors, including seasonality, the timing of renewals, the timing of term license deliveries, average contract terms and 
foreign currency exchange rates. Remaining performance obligation is also impacted by acquisitions. Unbilled portions of RPO 
denominated in foreign currencies are revalued each period based on the period end exchange rates. The portion of RPO that is 
unbilled is not recorded on the condensed consolidated balance sheets.
RPO consisted of the following (in billions):
Current Noncurrent Total
As of October 31, 2024 $ 26.4 $ 26.7 $ 53.1 
As of July 31, 2024 26.5 27.0 53.5 
As of April 30, 2024 26.4 27.5 53.9 
As of January 31, 2024 27.6 29.3 56.9 
As of October 31, 2023 23.9 24.4 48.3 
Unearned Revenue
Unearned revenue represents amounts that have been invoiced in advance of revenue recognition and is recognized as 
revenue when transfer of control to customers has occurred or services have been provided. The change in unearned revenue 
was as follows (in millions):
Three Months Ended October 31, Nine Months Ended October 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
Unearned revenue, beginning of period $ 15,222 $ 14,237 $ 19,003 $ 17,376 
Billings and other (1) 7,620 6,876 22,158 20,536 
Contribution from contract asset 63 167 189 218 
Revenue recognized over time (9,023) (8,249) (26,446) (24,264) 
Revenue recognized at a point in time (421) (471) (1,456) (1,306) 
Unearned revenue from business combinations 11 4 24 4 
Unearned revenue, end of period $ 13,472 $ 12,564 $ 13,472 $ 12,564 
(1) Other includes, for example, the impact of foreign currency translation.
Disaggregation of Revenue
Subscription and Support Revenue by the Company's service offerings
Subscription and support revenues consisted of the following (in millions):
Three Months Ended October 31, Nine Months Ended October 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
Sales $ 2,119 $ 1,906 $ 6,188 $ 5,611 
Service 2,288 2,074 6,727 6,087 
Platform and Other 1,825 1,686 5,329 4,891 
Marketing and Commerce 1,334 1,230 3,924 3,638 
Integration and Analytics (1) 1,313 1,245 4,060 3,562 
$ 8,879 $ 8,141 $ 26,228 $ 23,789 
(1) In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company renamed the service offering previously referred to as Data to Integration 
and Analytics, which includes Mulesoft and Tableau. 

--- Page 11 ---
Total Revenue by Geographic Locations
Revenues by geographical region consisted of the following (in millions):
Three Months Ended October 31, Nine Months Ended October 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
Americas $ 6,220 $ 5,862 $ 18,483 $ 17,113 
Europe 2,228 1,998 6,557 5,923 
Asia Pacific 996 860 2,862 2,534 
$ 9,444 $ 8,720 $ 27,902 $ 25,570 
Constant Currency Growth Rates
Subscription and support revenues constant currency growth rates by the Company's service offerings were as follows:
Three Months Ended
October 31, 2024
Compared to Three Months
Ended October 31, 2023
Three Months Ended
July 31, 2024
Compared to Three Months
Ended July 31, 2023
Three Months Ended
October 31, 2023
Compared to Three Months
Ended October 31, 2022
Sales 11% 10% 10%
Service 10% 11% 11%
Platform and Other 8% 10% 11%
Marketing and Commerce 8% 7% 8%
Integration and Analytics (1) 5% 14% 22%
Total growth 9% 10% 12%
(1) In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company renamed the service offering previously referred to as Data to Integration 
and Analytics, which includes Mulesoft and Tableau.
Revenue constant currency growth rates by geographical region were as follows: 
Three Months Ended
October 31, 2024
Compared to Three Months
Ended October 31, 2023
Three Months Ended
July 31, 2024
Compared to Three Months
Ended July 31, 2023
Three Months Ended
October 31, 2023
Compared to Three Months
Ended October 31, 2022
Americas 6% 8% 9%
Europe 9% 11% 10%
Asia Pacific 14% 16% 21%
Total growth 8% 9% 10%
Current remaining performance obligation constant currency growth rates were as follows:
October 31, 2024
Compared to
October 31, 2023
July 31, 2024
Compared to
July 31, 2023
October 31, 2023
Compared to
October 31, 2022
Total growth 10% 11% 13%

--- Page 12 ---
Salesforce, Inc.
GAAP Results Reconciled to Non-GAAP Results
The following tables reflect selected GAAP results reconciled to Non-GAAP results. 
(in millions, except per share data)
(Unaudited)
Three Months Ended October 31, Nine Months Ended October 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
Non-GAAP income from operations
GAAP income from operations $ 1,893 $ 1,501 $ 5,385 $ 3,389 
Plus:
Amortization of purchased intangibles (1) 354 468 1,269 1,411 
Stock-based compensation expense (2)(3) 820 693 2,378 2,097 
Restructuring 56 55 163 815 
Non-GAAP income from operations $ 3,123 $ 2,717 $ 9,195 $ 7,712 
Non-GAAP operating margin as a percentage of revenues
Total revenues $ 9,444 $ 8,720 $ 27,902 $ 25,570 
GAAP operating margin (4) 20.0 % 17.2 % 19.3 % 13.3 %
Non-GAAP operating margin (4) 33.1 % 31.2 % 33.0 % 30.2 %
Non-GAAP net income
GAAP net income $ 1,527 $ 1,224 $ 4,489 $ 2,690 
Plus:
Amortization of purchased intangibles (1) 354 468 1,269 1,411 
Stock-based compensation expense (2)(3) 820 693 2,378 2,097 
Restructuring 56 55 163 815 
Income tax effects and adjustments (436) (372) (1,076) (1,177) 
Non-GAAP net income $ 2,321 $ 2,068 $ 7,223 $ 5,836 
Three Months Ended October 31, Nine Months Ended October 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
Non-GAAP diluted net income per share
GAAP diluted net income per share $ 1.58 $ 1.25 $ 4.60 $ 2.73 
Plus:
Amortization of purchased intangibles (1) 0.37 0.48 1.30 1.43 
Stock-based compensation expense (2)(3) 0.85 0.71 2.44 2.13 
Restructuring 0.06 0.06 0.17 0.83 
Income tax effects and adjustments (0.45) (0.39) (1.10) (1.19) 
Non-GAAP diluted net income per share $ 2.41 $ 2.11 $ 7.41 $ 5.93 
Shares used in computing non-GAAP diluted net income per 
share 965 981 975 985 
(1) Amortization of purchased intangibles was as follows:
Three Months Ended October 31, Nine Months Ended October 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
Cost of revenues $ 131 $ 245 $ 600 $ 743 
Sales and marketing 223 223 669 668 
$ 354 $ 468 $ 1,269 $ 1,411 

--- Page 13 ---
(2) Stock-based compensation expense, excluding stock-based compensation expense related to restructuring, was as 
follows:
Three Months Ended October 31, Nine Months Ended October 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
Cost of revenues $ 135 $ 109 $ 386 $ 324 
Research and development 278 238 814 735 
Sales and marketing 312 275 911 815 
General and administrative 95 71 267 223 
$ 820 $ 693 $ 2,378 $ 2,097 
(3) Stock-based compensation expense included in the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation tables above excludes stockbased compensation expense related to restructuring activities for each of the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 of 
$0 million and for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 of $2 million and $16 million, respectively, which are 
included in the restructuring line.
(4) GAAP operating margin is the proportion of GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue. NonGAAP operating margin is the proportion of non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue. NonGAAP income from operations excludes the impact of the amortization of purchased intangibles, stock-based compensation 
expense and charges associated with the Company's restructuring activities.

--- Page 14 ---
Salesforce, Inc.
Computation of Basic and Diluted GAAP and Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share 
(in millions, except per share data)
(Unaudited)
Three Months Ended October 31, Nine Months Ended October 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
GAAP Basic Net Income Per Share
Net income $ 1,527 $ 1,224 $ 4,489 $ 2,690 
Basic net income per share $ 1.60 $ 1.26 $ 4.66 $ 2.76 
Shares used in computing basic net income per share 956 972 963 976 
Three Months Ended October 31, Nine Months Ended October 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
Non-GAAP Basic Net Income Per Share
Non-GAAP net income $ 2,321 $ 2,068 $ 7,223 $ 5,836 
Non-GAAP basic net income per share $ 2.43 $ 2.13 $ 7.50 $ 5.98 
Shares used in computing non-GAAP basic net income per 
share 956 972 963 976 
Three Months Ended October 31, Nine Months Ended October 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
GAAP Diluted Net Income Per Share
Net income $ 1,527 $ 1,224 $ 4,489 $ 2,690 
Diluted net income per share $ 1.58 $ 1.25 $ 4.60 $ 2.73 
Shares used in computing diluted net income per share 965 981 975 985 
Three Months Ended October 31, Nine Months Ended October 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
Non-GAAP Diluted Net Income Per Share
Non-GAAP net income $ 2,321 $ 2,068 $ 7,223 $ 5,836 
Non-GAAP diluted net income per share $ 2.41 $ 2.11 $ 7.41 $ 5.92 
Shares used in computing non-GAAP diluted net income per 
share 965 981 975 985 
Supplemental Cash Flow Information
Computation of Free Cash Flow, a Non-GAAP Measure
(in millions)
(Unaudited)
Three Months Ended October 31, Nine Months Ended October 31,
2024 2023 2024 2023
GAAP net cash provided by operating activities $ 1,983 $ 1,532 $ 9,122 $ 6,831 
Capital expenditures (204) (166) (504) (589) 
Free cash flow $ 1,779 $ 1,366 $ 8,618 $ 6,242 

--- Page 15 ---
Non-GAAP Financial Measures: This press release includes information about non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP net 
income per share, non-GAAP tax rates, free cash flow, constant currency revenue, constant currency subscription and support 
revenue growth rate and constant currency current remaining performance obligation growth rates (collectively the “non-GAAP 
financial measures”). These non-GAAP financial measures are measurements of financial performance that are not prepared in 
accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and computational methods may differ from those used by other 
companies. Non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP 
measures and should be read only in conjunction with the Company’s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance 
with GAAP. Management uses both GAAP and non-GAAP measures when planning, monitoring and evaluating the 
Company’s performance. 
The primary purpose of using non-GAAP measures is to provide supplemental information that may prove useful to investors 
and to enable investors to evaluate the Company’s results in the same way management does. Management believes that 
supplementing GAAP disclosure with non-GAAP disclosure provides investors with a more complete view of the Company’s 
operational performance and allows for meaningful period-to-period comparisons and analysis of trends in the Company’s 
business. Further to the extent that other companies use similar methods in calculating non-GAAP measures, the provision of 
supplemental non-GAAP information can allow for a comparison of the Company’s relative performance against other 
companies that also report non-GAAP operating results. 
Non-GAAP Operating Margin is the proportion of non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue. NonGAAP income from operations excludes the impact of the following items: stock-based compensation expense, amortization of 
acquisition-related intangibles and charges associated with the Company's restructuring activities. Non-GAAP net income per 
share excludes, to the extent applicable, the impact of the following items: stock-based compensation expense, amortization of 
purchased intangibles, charges related to the Company's restructuring activities and income tax adjustments. These items are 
excluded because the decisions that give rise to them are not made to increase revenue in a particular period, but instead for the 
Company’s long-term benefit over multiple periods. 
As described above, the Company excludes or adjusts for the following in its non-GAAP results and guidance:
• Stock-Based Compensation Expense: The Company’s compensation strategy includes the use of stock-based 
compensation expense to attract and retain employees and executives. It is principally aimed at aligning their interests 
with those of our stockholders and at long-term employee retention, rather than to motivate or reward operational 
performance for any particular period. Thus, stock-based compensation expense varies for reasons that are generally 
unrelated to operational decisions and performance in any particular period. 
• Amortization of Purchased Intangibles: The Company views amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, such 
as the amortization of the cost associated with an acquired company’s research and development efforts, trade names, 
customer lists and customer relationships, and, in some cases, acquired lease intangibles, as items arising from preacquisition activities determined at the time of an acquisition. While these intangible assets are continually evaluated 
for impairment, amortization of the cost of purchased intangibles is a static expense, which is not typically affected by 
operations during any particular period. Although the Company excludes the amortization of purchased intangibles 
from these non-GAAP measures, management believes that it is important for investors to understand that such 
intangible assets were recorded as part of purchase accounting and contribute to revenue generation. 
• Restructuring: Restructuring charges are costs associated with a formal restructuring plan and may include employee 
notice period costs and severance payments, lease or contract termination costs, asset impairments, accelerated 
depreciation and amortization and other related expenses. The Company excludes these restructuring charges because 
they are distinct from ongoing operational costs and it does not believe they are reflective of current and expected 
future business performance and operating results.
• Gains (Losses) on Strategic Investments, net: The Company records all fair value adjustments to its equity securities 
held within the strategic investment portfolio through the statement of operations. As it is not possible to forecast 
future gains and losses, the Company assumes no change to the value of its strategic investment portfolio in its GAAP 
and non-GAAP estimates for future periods, including its guidance. Gains (Losses) on Strategic Investments, net, are 
included in its GAAP financial statements.
• Income Tax Effects and Adjustments: The Company utilizes a fixed long-term projected non-GAAP tax rate in order 
to provide better consistency across the interim reporting periods by eliminating the effects of items such as changes in 
the tax valuation allowance and tax effects of acquisition-related costs, since each of these can vary in size and 

--- Page 16 ---
frequency. When projecting this long-term rate, the Company evaluated a three-year financial projection that excludes 
the direct impact of the following non-cash items: stock-based compensation expenses and the amortization of 
purchased intangibles. The projected rate also considers factors including the Company’s expected tax structure, its tax 
positions in various jurisdictions and key legislation in major jurisdictions where the Company operates. For fiscal 
2024, the Company used a projected non-GAAP tax rate of 23.5%. For fiscal 2025, the Company uses a projected nonGAAP tax rate of 22.0%, which reflects currently available information, as well as other factors and assumptions. The 
non-GAAP tax rate could be subject to change for a variety of reasons, including the rapidly evolving global tax 
environment, significant changes in the Company’s geographic earnings mix due to acquisition activity or other 
changes to the Company’s strategy or business operations. The Company will re-evaluate its long-term rate as 
appropriate.
The Company presents constant currency information to provide a framework for assessing how the Company's underlying 
business performed excluding the effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations. To present constant currency revenue growth 
rates, current and comparative prior period results for entities reporting in currencies other than United States dollars are 
converted into United States dollars at the weighted average exchange rate for the quarter being compared to rather than the 
actual exchange rates in effect during that period. To present current remaining performance obligation growth rates on a 
constant currency basis, current remaining performance obligation balances in local currencies in previous comparable periods 
are converted using the United States dollar currency exchange rate as of the most recent balance sheet date.
The Company defines the non-GAAP measure free cash flow as GAAP net cash provided by operating activities, less capital 
expenditures.

================================================================================
FILE: CRMQ4FY25EarningsPressReleasewfinancials.pdf
================================================================================

--- Page 1 ---
Salesforce Announces Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2025 Results
Total Remaining Performance Obligation $63B, up 11% Y/Y; Operating Cash Flow $13B, up 28% Y/Y
SAN FRANCISCO, Calif. - February 26, 2025 - Salesforce (NYSE: CRM), the world's #1 AI CRM, today 
announced results for its fourth quarter and full fiscal year ended January 31, 2025.
FY25 Agentforce & Data Cloud
• $900 million Data Cloud & AI annual recurring revenue, up 120% year-over-year ("Y/Y")
• Since October, closed 5,000 Agentforce deals, including more than 3,000 paid 
• Data Cloud surpassed 50 trillion records, which doubled Y/Y
• Nearly half of the Fortune 100 are both AI & Data Cloud customers, and all of our top 10 wins in Q4 
included Data and AI
• On help.salesforce.com, Agentforce has handled 380,000 conversations, achieving an 84% 
resolution rate, with only 2% of the requests requiring human escalation
FY25 Results
• Fourth quarter revenue of $10.0 billion, up 8% Y/Y, up 9% in constant currency ("CC"), inclusive of 
subscription & support revenue of $9.5 billion, up 8% Y/Y, up 9% in CC
• Current remaining performance obligation of $30.2 billion, up 9% Y/Y, up 11% in CC
• Total remaining performance obligation of $63.4 billion, up 11% Y/Y
• FY25 revenue of $37.9 billion, up 9% both Y/Y & in CC, inclusive of subscription & support revenue 
of $35.7 billion, up 10% both Y/Y & in CC
• FY25 GAAP operating margin of 19.0% and non-GAAP operating margin of 33.0%
• FY25 operating cash flow of $13.1 billion, up 28% Y/Y, and free cash flow of $12.4 billion, up 31%
Y/Y 
• Returned $7.8 billion in the form of share repurchases and $1.5 billion in dividend payments to 
stockholders; total cash returned to stockholders of $9.3 billion in FY25
Full Year FY26 Guidance
• Initiates revenue guidance of $40.5 billion to $40.9 billion, up 7% - 8% both Y/Y & in CC
• Initiates subscription & support revenue growth guidance of approximately 8.5% Y/Y & 
approximately 9% in CC
• Initiates GAAP operating margin guidance of 21.6% and non-GAAP operating margin guidance of 
34.0%
• Initiates operating cash flow growth guidance of approximately 10% to 11% Y/Y
"We had an incredible quarter and year, with strong performance across all our key metrics, including the highest 
cash flow in our company’s history and more than $60 billion in RPO,” said Marc Benioff, Chair and CEO, 
Salesforce. “No company is better positioned than Salesforce to lead customers through the digital labor revolution. 
With our deeply unified platform, seamlessly integrating our Customer 360 apps, Data Cloud and Agentforce, we’re 
already delivering unprecedented levels of productivity, efficiency and cost savings for thousands of companies.”
“We closed out the year with strong results and our relentless focus on profitable growth drove record-breaking 
revenue, margin, and cash flow, setting a strong foundation for the company into FY26” said Amy Weaver, President 
and CFO. “Our capital return program continued to deliver incredible value to our shareholders, returning $21 billion 
since inception.” 

--- Page 2 ---
Guidance
Our guidance includes GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures.
Q1 FY26 
Guidance
Full Year FY26
Guidance
Total revenue $9.71 - $9.76 billion $40.5 - $40.9 billion
Y/Y growth 6% - 7% 7% - 8%
FX impact(1) ($50M) Y/Y FX ($150M) Y/Y FX
CC growth(2) 7% 7% - 8%
Subscription & support revenue growth (Y/Y)(3) N/A Approximately 8.5%
CC growth(2)(3) N/A Approximately 9%
GAAP operating margin N/A 21.6%
Non-GAAP operating margin(2) N/A 34.0%
GAAP diluted net income per share(2) $1.49 - $1.51 $6.95 - $7.03
Non-GAAP diluted net income per share(2) $2.53 - $2.55 $11.09 - $11.17
Operating cash flow growth (Y/Y) N/A Approximately 10% - 11%
Current remaining performance obligation growth (Y/Y) Approximately 10% N/A
FX Impact(4) ($100M) Y/Y FX N/A
(1) Revenue FX impact is calculated by taking the current period rates compared to the prior period average rates.
(2) Non-GAAP CC revenue growth, non-GAAP operating margin and non-GAAP diluted net income per share are non-GAAP 
financial measures. See below for an explanation of non-GAAP financial measures. The Company's shares used in computing 
GAAP diluted net income per share guidance and non-GAAP diluted net income per share guidance excludes any impact to 
share count from potential Q1 - Q4 FY26 repurchase activity under our share repurchase program.
(3) Subscription & support revenue excludes professional services revenue.
(4) Current remaining performance obligation FX impact is calculated by taking the current period rates compared to the prior 
period ending rates.
The following is a reconciliation of GAAP operating margin guidance to non-GAAP operating margin guidance for 
the full year:
Full Year FY26 
Guidance
GAAP operating margin(1) 21.6%
Plus
Amortization of purchased intangibles(2) 3.7%
Stock-based compensation expense(2)(3) 8.4%
Restructuring(2)(3) 0.3%
Non-GAAP operating margin(1) 34.0%
(1) GAAP operating margin is the proportion of GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue. Non-GAAP 
operating margin is the proportion of non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue.
(2) The percentages shown above have been calculated based on the midpoint of the low and high ends of the revenue guidance 
for full year FY26. 
(3) The percentages shown in the restructuring line have been calculated based on charges associated with the Company's 
restructuring initiatives. Stock-based compensation expense excludes stock-based compensation expense related to the 
Company's restructuring initiatives, which is included in the restructuring line. 
The following is a per share reconciliation of GAAP diluted net income per share to non-GAAP diluted net income 
per share guidance for the next quarter and the full year:

--- Page 3 ---
Fiscal 2026
Q1 FY26
GAAP diluted net income per share range(1)(2) $1.49 - $1.51 $6.95 - $7.03
Plus
Amortization of purchased intangibles $ 0.39 $ 1.54
Stock-based compensation expense $ 0.86 $ 3.47
Restructuring(3) $ 0.03 $ 0.13
Less
Income tax effects and adjustments(4) $ (0.24) $ (1.00)
Non-GAAP diluted net income per share(2) $2.53 - $2.55 $11.09 - $11.17
Shares used in computing basic net income per share (millions)(5) 965 973
Shares used in computing diluted net income per share (millions)(5) 980 985
(1) The Company's GAAP tax provision is expected to be approximately 23.5% for the three months ended April 30, 2025 and 
approximately 23.5% for the year ended January 31, 2026. The GAAP tax rates may fluctuate due to discrete tax items and 
related effects in conjunction with certain provisions in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, future acquisitions or other transactions.
(2) The Company's projected GAAP and non-GAAP diluted net income per share assumes no change to the value of our strategic 
investment portfolio as it is not possible to forecast future gains and losses. The impact of future gains or losses from the
Company’s strategic investment portfolio could be material.
(3) The estimated impact to GAAP diluted net income per share is in connection with the Company's restructuring initiatives.
(4) The Company’s non-GAAP tax provision uses a long-term projected tax rate of 22.0%, which reflects currently available 
information and could be subject to change.
(5) The Company's shares used in computing GAAP net income per share guidance and non-GAAP net income per share 
guidance excludes any impact to share count from potential Q1 - Q4 FY26 repurchase activity under our share repurchase 
program.
For additional information regarding non-GAAP financial measures see the reconciliation of results and related 
explanations below.
Management will provide further commentary around these guidance assumptions on its earnings call.
Product Releases and Enhancements
Three times a year Salesforce delivers new product releases, services, or enhancements to current products and 
services. These releases are a result of significant research and development investments made over multiple 
years, designed to help customers drive cost savings, boost efficiency, and build trust.
To learn more about our newest innovations and product release highlights, including our latest Spring 2025 
Product Release, visit: www.salesforce.com/releases.
Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) Strategy
To learn more about our latest initiatives and priorities, review our Stakeholder Impact Report:
https://salesforce.com/stakeholder-impact-report.
Quarterly Conference Call
Salesforce plans to host a conference call at 2:00 p.m. (PT) / 5:00 p.m. (ET) to discuss its financial results with the 
investment community. A live webcast and replay details of the event will be available on the Salesforce Investor 
Relations website at www.salesforce.com/investor. 
About Salesforce
Salesforce helps organizations of any size reimagine their business for the world of AI. With Agentforce, 
Salesforce's trusted platform, organizations can bring humans together with agents to drive customer success—
powered by AI, data, and action. Visit www.salesforce.com for more information.
Mike Spencer

--- Page 4 ---
Salesforce
Investor Relations
investor@salesforce.com
Carolyn Guss
Salesforce
Public Relations
415-536-4966
pr@salesforce.com
###
"Safe harbor" statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: This press release contains 
forward-looking statements about the Company's financial and operating results and guidance, which include, but 
are not limited to, expected GAAP and non-GAAP financial and other operating and non-operating results, including 
revenue, net income, net income per share, operating cash flow growth, operating margin, expected revenue 
growth, expected foreign currency exchange rate impact, expected current remaining performance obligation 
growth, expected tax rates or provisions, stock-based compensation expenses, amortization of purchased 
intangibles, shares outstanding, market growth, strategic investments, expected restructuring expense or charges 
and expected timing of product releases and enhancements. The achievement or success of the matters covered 
by such forward-looking statements involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions. If any such risks or uncertainties 
materialize or if any of the assumptions prove incorrect, the Company’s results or outcomes could differ materially 
and adversely from those expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to 
place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 
The risks and uncertainties referred to above include -- but are not limited to -- risks associated with: 
• our ability to maintain sufficient security levels and service performance, avoid downtime and prevent, 
detect and remediate performance degradation and security breaches; 
• our ability to secure sufficient data center capacity; 
• our reliance on third-party infrastructure providers, including hardware, software and platform providers and 
the organizations responsible for the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the Internet; 
• uncertainties regarding AI technologies and their integration into our product offerings; 
• the evolving landscape related to environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) matters; 
• the effect of evolving government regulations, including those related to our industry and providing services 
on or accessing the Internet, and those addressing ESG matters, data privacy, cybersecurity, cross-border 
data transfers, government contracting and procurement, and import and export controls; 
• current and potential litigation and regulatory investigations involving us or our industry; 
• our ability to successfully expand or introduce new services and product features, including related to AI 
and Agentforce; 
• our ability to successfully complete, integrate and realize the benefits from acquisitions or other strategic 
transactions; 
• uncertainties regarding the pace of change and innovation and our ability to compete in the markets in 
which we participate; 
• our ability to successfully execute our business strategy and our business plans, including efforts to expand 
internationally and related risks; 
• our ability to predict and meet expectations regarding our operating results and cash flows, including 
revenue and remaining performance obligation, including as a result of the seasonal nature of our sales 
cycle and the variability in our results arising from the accounting for term license revenue products and 
some complex transactions; 
• our ability to predict and limit customer attrition and costs related to those efforts; 
• the demands on our personnel and infrastructure resulting from significant growth in our customer base and 
operations, including as a result of acquisitions; 
• our real estate and office facilities strategy and related costs and uncertainties; 
• the performance of our strategic investment portfolio, including fluctuations in the fair value of our 
investments; 
• our ability to protect our intellectual property rights; 
• our ability to maintain and enhance our brands; 

--- Page 5 ---
• uncertainties regarding the valuation and potential availability of certain tax assets; 
• the impact of new accounting pronouncements and tax laws; 
• uncertainties affecting our ability to estimate our tax rate, including our tax obligations in connection with 
potential jurisdictional transfer of intellectual property; 
• uncertainties regarding the effect of geopolitical events, inflationary pressures, market and macroeconomic 
volatility, financial institution instability, changes in monetary policy, foreign currency exchange rate and 
interest rate fluctuations, uncertainty regarding the imposition of and changes in trade policies, including 
trade wars, tariffs or other trade restrictions or the threat of such actions and climate change, natural 
disasters and actual or threatened public health emergencies on our workforce, business, and operating 
results; 
• uncertainties regarding the impact of expensing stock options and other equity awards; 
• the sufficiency of our capital resources, including our ability to execute our share repurchase program and 
declare future cash dividends; 
• our ability to comply with our debt covenants and lease obligations; and
• uncertainties regarding impacts to our workforce and workplace culture, such as those arising from our 
current and future office environments or remote work policies or our ability to realize the expected benefits 
of the restructuring plan.
Further information on these and other factors that could affect the Company’s actual results or outcomes is 
included in the reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K and in other filings it makes with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission from time to time. These documents are available on the SEC Filings section of the Financials section 
of the Company’s website at http://investor.salesforce.com/financials/.
Salesforce, Inc. assumes no obligation and does not intend to revise or update publicly any forward-looking 
statements for any reason, except as required by law.
© 2025 Salesforce, Inc. All rights reserved. Salesforce and other marks are trademarks of Salesforce, Inc. Other 
brands featured herein may be trademarks of their respective owners.
#

--- Page 6 ---
Salesforce, Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Operations
(in millions, except per share data)
(Unaudited)
4 Three Months Ended January 31, Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Revenues:
Subscription and support $ 9,451 $ 8,748 $ 35,679 $ 32,537
Professional services and other 542 539 2,216 2,320
Total revenues 9,993 9,287 37,895 34,857
Cost of revenues (1)(2):
Subscription and support 1,581 1,581 6,198 6,177
Professional services and other 636 567 2,445 2,364
Total cost of revenues 2,217 2,148 8,643 8,541
Gross profit 7,776 7,139 29,252 26,316
Operating expenses (1)(2):
Research and development 1,420 1,275 5,493 4,906
Sales and marketing 3,471 3,437 13,257 12,877
General and administrative 767 632 2,836 2,534
Restructuring 298 173 461 988
Total operating expenses 5,956 5,517 22,047 21,305
Income from operations 1,820 1,622 7,205 5,011
Gains (losses) on strategic investments, net 96 (35) (121) (277)
Other income 72 58 354 216
Income before provision for income taxes 1,988 1,645 7,438 4,950
Provision for income taxes (280) (199) (1,241) (814)
Net income $ 1,708 $ 1,446 $ 6,197 $ 4,136
Basic net income per share $ 1.78 $ 1.49 $ 6.44 $ 4.25
Diluted net income per share (3) $ 1.75 $ 1.47 $ 6.36 $ 4.20
Shares used in computing basic net income per share 959 970 962 974
Shares used in computing diluted net income per share 974 983 974 984
(1) Amounts include amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations, as follows:
Three Months Ended January 31, Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Cost of revenues $ 150 $ 235 $ 750 $ 978
Sales and marketing 232 223 901 891
(2) Amounts include stock-based compensation expense, as follows:
Three Months Ended January 31, Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Cost of revenues $ 132 $ 107 $ 518 $ 431
Research and development 277 237 1,091 972
Sales and marketing 294 247 1,205 1,062
General and administrative 100 76 367 299
Restructuring 0 7 2 23
(3) During the three months ended January 31, 2025 and 2024, gains (losses) on strategic investments impacted GAAP 
diluted net income per share by $0.07 and $(0.03) based on a U.S. tax rate of 24.0% and 24.5%, respectively, and non-GAAP 
diluted net income per share by $0.08 and $(0.03) based on a non-GAAP tax rate of 22.0% and 23.5%, respectively. During the 
fiscal year ended January 31, 2025 and 2024, losses on strategic investments impacted GAAP diluted net income per share by 

--- Page 7 ---
$(0.09) and $(0.21) based on a U.S. tax rate of 24.0% and 24.5%, respectively, and non-GAAP diluted net income per share by 
$(0.10) and $(0.22) based on a non-GAAP tax rate of 22.0% and 23.5%, respectively.
Salesforce, Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Operations 
(As a percentage of total revenues)
(Unaudited)
Three Months Ended January 31, Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Revenues:
Subscription and support 95 % 94 % 94 % 93 %
Professional services and other 5 6 6 7
Total revenues 100 100 100 100
Cost of revenues (1)(2):
Subscription and support 16 17 16 18
Professional services and other 6 6 7 7
Total cost of revenues 22 23 23 25
Gross profit 78 77 77 75
Operating expenses (1)(2):
Research and development 14 13 15 14
Sales and marketing 35 37 35 37
General and administrative 8 7 7 7
Restructuring 3 2 1 3
Total operating expenses 60 59 58 61
Income from operations 18 18 19 14
Gains (losses) on strategic investments, net 1 (1) 0 (1)
Other income 1 1 1 1
Income before provision for income taxes 20 18 20 14
Provision for income taxes (3) (2) (4) (2)
Net income 17 % 16 % 16 % 12 %
(1) Amounts include amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations as a percentage of total 
revenues, as follows:
Three Months Ended January 31, Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Cost of revenues 2 % 3 % 2 % 3 %
Sales and marketing 2 2 2 2
(2) Amounts include stock-based compensation expense as a percentage of total revenues, as follows:
Three Months Ended January 31, Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Cost of revenues 1 % 1 % 1 % 1 %
Research and development 3 3 3 3
Sales and marketing 3 3 3 3
General and administrative 1 0 1 1
Restructuring 0 0 0 0

--- Page 8 ---
Salesforce, Inc.
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets
(in millions)
January 31, 2025 January 31, 2024
Assets (unaudited)
Current assets:
Cash and cash equivalents $ 8,848 $ 8,472
Marketable securities 5,184 5,722
Accounts receivable, net 11,945 11,414
Costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net 1,971 1,905
Prepaid expenses and other current assets 1,779 1,561
Total current assets 29,727 29,074
Property and equipment, net 3,236 3,689
Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 2,157 2,366
Noncurrent costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net 2,475 2,515
Strategic investments 4,852 4,848
Goodwill 51,283 48,620
Intangible assets acquired through business combinations, net 4,428 5,278
Deferred tax assets and other assets, net 4,770 3,433
Total assets $ 102,928 $ 99,823
Liabilities and stockholders’ equity
Current liabilities:
Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities $ 6,658 $ 6,111
Operating lease liabilities, current 579 518
Unearned revenue 20,743 19,003
Debt, current 0 999
Total current liabilities 27,980 26,631
Noncurrent debt 8,433 8,427
Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 2,380 2,644
Other noncurrent liabilities 2,962 2,475
Total liabilities 41,755 40,177
Stockholders’ equity:
Common stock 1 1
Treasury stock, at cost (19,507) (11,692)
Additional paid-in capital 64,576 59,841
Accumulated other comprehensive loss (266) (225)
Retained earnings 16,369 11,721
Total stockholders’ equity 61,173 59,646
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 102,928 $ 99,823

--- Page 9 ---
Salesforce, Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(in millions)
(Unaudited)
4 Three Months Ended January 31, Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Operating activities:
Net income $ 1,708 $ 1,446 $ 6,197 $ 4,136
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by 
operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization (1) 877 953 3,477 3,959
Amortization of costs capitalized to obtain revenue 
contracts, net 527 497 2,095 1,925
Stock-based compensation expense 803 674 3,183 2,787
(Gains) losses on strategic investments, net (96) 35 121 277
Changes in assets and liabilities, net of business 
combinations:
Accounts receivable, net (7,171) (6,564) (490) (659)
Costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net (1,016) (966) (2,121) (1,872)
Prepaid expenses and other current assets and other 
assets (232) (93) (1,495) (843)
Accounts payable and accrued expenses and other 
liabilities 1,592 1,129 1,089 (478)
Operating lease liabilities (161) (147) (548) (621)
Unearned revenue 7,139 6,439 1,584 1,623
Net cash provided by operating activities 3,970 3,403 13,092 10,234
Investing activities:
Business combinations, net of cash acquired (2,217) 0 (2,734) (82)
Purchases of strategic investments (165) (106) (539) (496)
Sales of strategic investments 8 6 126 108
Purchases of marketable securities (1,838) (934) (6,879) (3,761)
Sales of marketable securities 491 394 4,143 1,511
Maturities of marketable securities 939 319 3,378 2,129
Capital expenditures (154) (147) (658) (736)
Net cash used in investing activities (2,936) (468) (3,163) (1,327)
Financing activities:
Repurchases of common stock (76) (1,692) (7,829) (7,620)
Proceeds from employee stock plans 484 869 1,540 1,954
Principal payments on financing obligations (98) (123) (603) (629)
Repayments of debt 0 0 (1,000) (1,182)
Payments of dividends (383) 0 (1,537) 0
Net cash used in financing activities (73) (946) (9,429) (7,477)
Effect of exchange rate changes (110) 30 (124) 26
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 851 2,019 376 1,456
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 7,997 6,453 8,472 7,016
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period $ 8,848 $ 8,472 $ 8,848 $ 8,472
(1) Includes amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations, depreciation of fixed assets and 
amortization and impairment of right-of-use assets.

--- Page 10 ---
Salesforce, Inc.
Additional Metrics
(Unaudited)
Supplemental Revenue Analysis
Remaining Performance Obligation
Remaining performance obligation ("RPO") represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which 
includes unearned revenue and unbilled amounts that will be recognized as revenue in future periods. RPO is influenced by 
several factors, including seasonality, the timing of renewals, the timing of term license deliveries, average contract terms and 
foreign currency exchange rates. Remaining performance obligation is also impacted by acquisitions. Unbilled portions of RPO 
denominated in foreign currencies are revalued each period based on the period end exchange rates. The portion of RPO that is
unbilled is not recorded on the condensed consolidated balance sheets.
RPO consisted of the following (in billions):
Current Noncurrent Total
As of January 31, 2025 $ 30.2 $ 33.2 $ 63.4
As of October 31, 2024 26.4 26.7 53.1
As of July 31, 2024 26.5 27.0 53.5
As of April 30, 2024 26.4 27.5 53.9
As of January 31, 2024 27.6 29.3 56.9
Unearned Revenue
Unearned revenue represents amounts that have been invoiced in advance of revenue recognition and is recognized as 
revenue when transfer of control to customers has occurred or services have been provided. The change in unearned revenue 
was as follows (in millions):
Three Months Ended January 31, Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Unearned revenue, beginning of period $ 13,472 $ 12,564 $ 19,003 $ 17,376
Billings and other (1) 17,355 15,834 39,513 36,370
Contribution from contract asset (223) (108) (34) 110
Revenue recognized over time (9,182) (8,463) (35,628) (32,727)
Revenue recognized at a point in time (811) (824) (2,267) (2,130)
Unearned revenue from business combinations 132 0 156 4
Unearned revenue, end of period $ 20,743 $ 19,003 $ 20,743 $ 19,003
(1) Other includes, for example, the impact of foreign currency translation.
Disaggregation of Revenue
Subscription and Support Revenue by the Company's service offerings
Subscription and support revenues consisted of the following (in millions):
Three Months Ended January 31, Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Sales $ 2,134 $ 1,969 $ 8,322 $ 7,580
Service 2,327 2,158 9,054 8,245
Platform and Other 1,918 1,720 7,247 6,611
Marketing and Commerce 1,357 1,274 5,281 4,912
Integration and Analytics 1,715 1,627 5,775 5,189
$ 9,451 $ 8,748 $ 35,679 $ 32,537

--- Page 11 ---
Total Revenue by Geographic Locations
Revenues by geographical region consisted of the following (in millions):
Three Months Ended January 31, Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Americas $ 6,660 $ 6,176 $ 25,143 $ 23,289
Europe 2,334 2,205 8,891 8,128
Asia Pacific 999 906 3,861 3,440
$ 9,993 $ 9,287 $ 37,895 $ 34,857
Constant Currency Growth Rates
Subscription and support revenues constant currency growth rates by the Company's service offerings were as follows:
Three Months Ended
January 31, 2025
Compared to Three Months
Ended January 31, 2024
Three Months Ended
October 31, 2024
Compared to Three Months
Ended October 31, 2023
Three Months Ended
January 31, 2024
Compared to Three Months
Ended January 31, 2023
Sales 9% 11% 10%
Service 9% 10% 12%
Platform and Other 12% 8% 10%
Marketing and Commerce 8% 8% 7%
Integration and Analytics 6% 5% 21%
Total growth 9% 9% 12%
Revenue constant currency growth rates by geographical region were as follows: 
Three Months Ended
January 31, 2025
Compared to Three Months
Ended January 31, 2024
Three Months Ended
October 31, 2024
Compared to Three Months
Ended October 31, 2023
Three Months Ended
January 31, 2024
Compared to Three Months
Ended January 31, 2023
Americas 8% 6% 9%
Europe 7% 9% 11%
Asia Pacific 14% 14% 19%
Total growth 9% 8% 10%
Current remaining performance obligation constant currency growth rates were as follows:
January 31, 2025
Compared to
January 31, 2024
October 31, 2024
Compared to
October 31, 2023
January 31, 2024
Compared to
January 31, 2023
Total growth 11% 10% 13%
Salesforce, Inc.
GAAP Results Reconciled to Non-GAAP Results
The following tables reflect selected GAAP results reconciled to Non-GAAP results. 
(in millions, except per share data)
(Unaudited)

--- Page 12 ---
Three Months Ended January 31, Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Non-GAAP income from operations
GAAP income from operations $ 1,820 $ 1,622 $ 7,205 $ 5,011
Plus:
Amortization of purchased intangibles (1) 382 458 1,651 1,869
Stock-based compensation expense (2)(3) 803 667 3,181 2,764
Restructuring 298 173 461 988
Non-GAAP income from operations $ 3,303 $ 2,920 $ 12,498 $ 10,632
Non-GAAP operating margin as a percentage of revenues
Total revenues $ 9,993 $ 9,287 $ 37,895 $ 34,857
GAAP operating margin (4) 18.2 % 17.5 % 19.0 % 14.4 %
Non-GAAP operating margin (4) 33.1 % 31.4 % 33.0 % 30.5 %
Non-GAAP net income
GAAP net income $ 1,708 $ 1,446 $ 6,197 $ 4,136
Plus:
Amortization of purchased intangibles (1) 382 458 1,651 1,869
Stock-based compensation expense (2)(3) 803 667 3,181 2,764
Restructuring 298 173 461 988
Income tax effects and adjustments (484) (493) (1,560) (1,670)
Non-GAAP net income $ 2,707 $ 2,251 $ 9,930 $ 8,087
Three Months Ended January 31, Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Non-GAAP diluted net income per share
GAAP diluted net income per share $ 1.75 $ 1.47 $ 6.36 $ 4.20
Plus:
Amortization of purchased intangibles (1) 0.39 0.47 1.70 1.90
Stock-based compensation expense (2)(3) 0.82 0.68 3.27 2.81
Restructuring 0.31 0.18 0.47 1.00
Income tax effects and adjustments (0.49) (0.51) (1.60) (1.69)
Non-GAAP diluted net income per share $ 2.78 $ 2.29 $ 10.20 $ 8.22
Shares used in computing non-GAAP diluted net income per 
share 974 983 974 984
(1) Amortization of purchased intangibles was as follows:
Three Months Ended January 31, Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Cost of revenues $ 150 $ 235 $ 750 $ 978
Sales and marketing 232 223 901 891
$ 382 $ 458 $ 1,651 $ 1,869
(2) Stock-based compensation expense, excluding stock-based compensation expense related to restructuring, was as 
follows:

--- Page 13 ---
Three Months Ended January 31, Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Cost of revenues $ 132 $ 107 $ 518 $ 431
Research and development 277 237 1,091 972
Sales and marketing 294 247 1,205 1,062
General and administrative 100 76 367 299
$ 803 $ 667 $ 3,181 $ 2,764
(3) Stock-based compensation expense included in the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation tables above excludes stockbased compensation expense related to restructuring activities for each of the three months ended January 31, 2025 and 2024 of 
$0 million and $7 million, respectively, and for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025 and 2024 of $2 million and $23 million, 
respectively, which are included in the restructuring line.
(4) GAAP operating margin is the proportion of GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue. NonGAAP operating margin is the proportion of non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue. NonGAAP income from operations excludes the impact of the amortization of purchased intangibles, stock-based compensation 
expense and charges associated with the Company's restructuring activities.

--- Page 14 ---
Salesforce, Inc.
Computation of Basic and Diluted GAAP and Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share 
(in millions, except per share data)
(Unaudited)
Three Months Ended January 31, Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
GAAP Basic Net Income Per Share
Net income $ 1,708 $ 1,446 $ 6,197 $ 4,136
Basic net income per share $ 1.78 $ 1.49 $ 6.44 $ 4.25
Shares used in computing basic net income per share 959 970 962 974
Three Months Ended January 31, Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Non-GAAP Basic Net Income Per Share
Non-GAAP net income $ 2,707 $ 2,251 $ 9,930 $ 8,087
Non-GAAP basic net income per share $ 2.82 $ 2.32 $ 10.32 $ 8.30
Shares used in computing non-GAAP basic net income per 
share 959 970 962 974
Three Months Ended January 31, Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
GAAP Diluted Net Income Per Share
Net income $ 1,708 $ 1,446 $ 6,197 $ 4,136
Diluted net income per share $ 1.75 $ 1.47 $ 6.36 $ 4.20
Shares used in computing diluted net income per share 974 983 974 984
Three Months Ended January 31, Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Non-GAAP Diluted Net Income Per Share
Non-GAAP net income $ 2,707 $ 2,251 $ 9,930 $ 8,087
Non-GAAP diluted net income per share $ 2.78 $ 2.29 $ 10.20 $ 8.22
Shares used in computing non-GAAP diluted net income per 
share 974 983 974 984
Supplemental Cash Flow Information
Computation of Free Cash Flow, a Non-GAAP Measure
(in millions)
(Unaudited)
Three Months Ended January 31, Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
GAAP net cash provided by operating activities $ 3,970 $ 3,403 $ 13,092 $ 10,234
Capital expenditures (154) (147) (658) (736)
Free cash flow $ 3,816 $ 3,256 $ 12,434 $ 9,498

--- Page 15 ---
Non-GAAP Financial Measures: This press release includes information about non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP net 
income per share, non-GAAP tax rates, free cash flow, constant currency revenue, constant currency subscription and support 
revenue growth rate and constant currency current remaining performance obligation growth rates (collectively the “non-GAAP 
financial measures”). These non-GAAP financial measures are measurements of financial performance that are not prepared in 
accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and computational methods may differ from those used by other 
companies. Non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP 
measures and should be read only in conjunction with the Company’s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance 
with GAAP. Management uses both GAAP and non-GAAP measures when planning, monitoring and evaluating the Company’s 
performance. 
The primary purpose of using non-GAAP measures is to provide supplemental information that may prove useful to investors 
and to enable investors to evaluate the Company’s results in the same way management does. Management believes that 
supplementing GAAP disclosure with non-GAAP disclosure provides investors with a more complete view of the Company’s 
operational performance and allows for meaningful period-to-period comparisons and analysis of trends in the Company’s 
business. Further to the extent that other companies use similar methods in calculating non-GAAP measures, the provision of 
supplemental non-GAAP information can allow for a comparison of the Company’s relative performance against other 
companies that also report non-GAAP operating results. 
Non-GAAP Operating Margin is the proportion of non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue. NonGAAP income from operations excludes the impact of the following items: stock-based compensation expense, amortization of 
acquisition-related intangibles and charges associated with the Company's restructuring activities. Non-GAAP net income per 
share excludes, to the extent applicable, the impact of the following items: stock-based compensation expense, amortization of 
purchased intangibles, charges related to the Company's restructuring activities and income tax adjustments. These items are 
excluded because the decisions that give rise to them are not made to increase revenue in a particular period, but instead for the 
Company’s long-term benefit over multiple periods. 
As described above, the Company excludes or adjusts for the following in its non-GAAP results and guidance:
• Stock-Based Compensation Expense: The Company’s compensation strategy includes the use of stock-based 
compensation expense to attract and retain employees and executives. It is principally aimed at aligning their interests 
with those of our stockholders and at long-term employee retention, rather than to motivate or reward operational 
performance for any particular period. Thus, stock-based compensation expense varies for reasons that are generally 
unrelated to operational decisions and performance in any particular period. 
• Amortization of Purchased Intangibles: The Company views amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, such 
as the amortization of the cost associated with an acquired company’s research and development efforts, trade names, 
customer lists and customer relationships, and, in some cases, acquired lease intangibles, as items arising from preacquisition activities determined at the time of an acquisition. While these intangible assets are continually evaluated 
for impairment, amortization of the cost of purchased intangibles is a static expense, which is not typically affected by 
operations during any particular period. Although the Company excludes the amortization of purchased intangibles 
from these non-GAAP measures, management believes that it is important for investors to understand that such 
intangible assets were recorded as part of purchase accounting and contribute to revenue generation. 
• Restructuring: Restructuring charges are costs associated with a formal restructuring plan and may include employee 
notice period costs and severance payments, lease or contract termination costs, asset impairments, accelerated 
depreciation and amortization and other related expenses. The Company excludes these restructuring charges because 
they are distinct from ongoing operational costs and it does not believe they are reflective of current and expected 
future business performance and operating results.
• Gains (Losses) on Strategic Investments, net: The Company records all fair value adjustments to its equity securities 
held within the strategic investment portfolio through the statement of operations. As it is not possible to forecast 
future gains and losses, the Company assumes no change to the value of its strategic investment portfolio in its GAAP 
and non-GAAP estimates for future periods, including its guidance. Gains (Losses) on Strategic Investments, net, are 
included in its GAAP financial statements.
• Income Tax Effects and Adjustments: The Company utilizes a fixed long-term projected non-GAAP tax rate in order to 
provide better consistency across the interim reporting periods by eliminating the effects of items such as changes in 
the tax valuation allowance and tax effects of acquisition-related costs, since each of these can vary in size and 

--- Page 16 ---
frequency. When projecting this long-term rate, the Company evaluated a three-year financial projection that excludes 
the direct impact of the following non-cash items: stock-based compensation expenses and the amortization of 
purchased intangibles. The projected rate also considers factors including the Company’s expected tax structure, its tax 
positions in various jurisdictions and key legislation in major jurisdictions where the Company operates. For fiscal 
2025 and 2024, the Company used a projected non-GAAP tax rate of 22.0% and 23.5%, respectively. For fiscal 2026, 
the Company uses a projected non-GAAP tax rate of 22.0%, which reflects currently available information, as well as 
other factors and assumptions. The non-GAAP tax rate could be subject to change for a variety of reasons, including 
the rapidly evolving global tax environment, significant changes in the Company’s geographic earnings mix due to 
acquisition activity or other changes to the Company’s strategy or business operations. The Company will re-evaluate 
its long-term rate as appropriate.
The Company presents constant currency information to provide a framework for assessing how the Company's underlying 
business performed excluding the effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations. To present constant currency revenue growth 
rates, current and comparative prior period results for entities reporting in currencies other than United States dollars are
converted into United States dollars at the weighted average exchange rate for the quarter being compared to rather than the 
actual exchange rates in effect during that period. To present current remaining performance obligation growth rates on a 
constant currency basis, current remaining performance obligation balances in local currencies in previous comparable periods
are converted using the United States dollar currency exchange rate as of the most recent balance sheet date.
The Company defines the non-GAAP measure free cash flow as GAAP net cash provided by operating activities, less capital 
expenditures.

================================================================================
FILE: Salesforce-FY25-Annual-Report.pdf
================================================================================

Need Help? Ask Agentforce.
Leading the
AI Agent Revolution
FY25 Annual Report



1 “Remaining Performance Obligation” represents future revenues that are under contract but have not yet been recognized.
2 Non-GAAP operating margin is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to page 6 for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures.
FY25 Highlights
FY25 marked an important moment of 
opportunity and possibility. AI is reshaping 
business, and Salesforce is leading the way with 
record-breaking momentum. We just delivered 
our highest revenue, operating margin, and cash 
flow in company history — driving a $37.9 billion 
year and our first-ever $10 billion quarter.
But what’s ahead is even bigger. The rise of the 
AI-powered workforce has unlocked a multitrillion-dollar market. And with Agentforce — the 
first digital labor platform for enterprises — we’re 
redefining how work gets done. Thousands of 
companies are already seeing transformational 
results, and this is just the beginning.
Our ecosystem is quickly expanding, fueled 
by Data Cloud, AgentExchange, and a growing 
community of 19 million Trailblazers. As always, 
we’re driving customer success while staying true 
to our core values. The future of AI isn’t coming, 
it’s here. And Salesforce is at the forefront of this 
revolution, thanks to agentic innovation, trailblazing 
customers, and partners like you. Thank you.
33.0% 90%+ 9.6 million
Non-GAAP Operating Margin 2 of the Fortune 500 are 
Salesforce customers
Hours contributed to the 
community since inception
$37.9 billion $63.4 billion $13.1 billion
 Revenue, up 9% year over year Remaining Performance Obligation,1 
up 11% year over year
Operating Cash Flow, 
up 28% year over year

As we begin our 26th year, I’ve never been more energized or inspired. 
Salesforce justdelivered the strongest year in our history — $37.9 billion
in revenue,record operating margin, and cash flow, and our first-ever 
$10 billion quarter. But this is more than a financial milestone — it’s 
a moment oftransformation.
In just a few months, we’ve seen our addressable market grow from
hundreds of billions to a multitrillion-dollar opportunity. Why? Because 
we’re pioneering a new kind of workforce — a new model for business — with 
the launch ofAgentforce, the first digital labor platform for enterprises.
This is not just a technology shift — it’s a revolution in how work gets done.
Agentforce introduces autonomous AI agents that collaborate, learn, 
and act alongside human teams. It’s a new workforce — a new always-on, 
always-learningteam — designed to help every organization scale beyond 
human limits. It’s the future of work and it’s being built in real time,
right now withSalesforce. More than 3,000 companies — including Pfizer, 
Lennar, Heathrow, Pandora, and Singapore Airlines — signed up 
to build agentsin just the first 100 days.
In FY26, we expect to surpass $40 billion in revenue, with Agentforce 
and Data Cloud — now managing over 50 trillion records — poised to become 
a combined billion-dollar business. Data Cloud is the engine. Agentforce
is the driver. Together, they’re creating outcomes no single human team 
could deliver alone.
And unlike others in our space, Salesforce is proudly platform-neutral. 
We integrate across AWS, Azure, Databricks, Google Cloud, Snowflake, 
and more. Ouronly allegiance is to our customers’ success — not to a 
specific stack. This makes us the most open, trusted, and composable
AI platform in the world.
Internally, we are CustomerZero. Agentforce has already autonomously 
resolved over 500,000support cases on our Help portal — 84% with no 
human intervention. It’s also speeding up sales quoting by 75%. Our
results are your results,too.
Fellow shareholders,
“This is not just
a technology 
shift — it’s a 
revolution in how 
work gets done.”

But this revolution must be rooted in values. Technology alone isn’t
enough. We need trust, equality, and a sense of shared responsibility.
That’s why we continue to lead with purpose — donating nearly $800 million
in grants, supporting over 60,000 nonprofits and educational institutions,
and helping restore 56 million trees worldwide. Our AI Trust Layer ensures
safety, ethics, and accountability in every model. And with our $50 million
AI for All initiative, we’re giving workers and students everywhere 
the skills they need to thrive in this new world.
This isn’t just about productivity. It’s about giving every business —
large or small — the chance to compete, scale, and innovate. It’s about
making AI equitable and empowering — not extractive or elitist.
The next generation of leaders will be the last to manage only people.
They’ll manage both digital and human workers, seamlessly collaborating 
to unlock new levels of productivity, accelerate transformation, and shape
the future of work. The companies that master this will define the future.
I’ve led Salesforce through the cloud, mobile, and AIrevolutions,
but this is the most profound shift I’ve ever seen. And I’m dedicating
this next chapter of my life to ensuring Salesforce leads it — with
humanity, with trust, and with unmatched innovation.
Thank you for believing in our company, our people,
and our mission. The best is yet to come.
With deep gratitude,
Marc Benioff
Chair & ChiefExecutive Officer
Salesforce
“... this is more 
than a financial 
milestone — it’s 
a moment of 
transformation.”
p g

Leader in 
Philanthropy
Top 100
Companies
that Care
8 years in a row
PEOPLE, 2024
Leader in 
Culture
World’s Most 
Admired 
Companies
11 years in a row
Fortune, 2025
Leader in 
Innovation
America’s
Most Innovative 
Companies
Fortune, 2024
Ethisphere Institute, 2024
World’s
Most Ethical 
Companies 
15 years in a row
One of the
World’s Best 
Workplaces
8 years in a row
Great Place To Work, 2024
Fortune 50 AI 
Innovators
Fortune, 2024
Doing Well and
Doing Good, Together
By sticking to our values, we managed to make FY25 another great year. 
A big thank you to everyone who made these accolades possible.

1 Non-GAAP income from operations is used to calculate non-GAAP operating margin. It excludes the impact of the amortization of purchased intangibles, stock-based 
compensation expense and charges related to the Company’s restructuring initiatives.
2 GAAP operating margin is the proportion of GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue. Non-GAAP operating margin is the proportion of nonGAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue.
3 The percentages shown above have been calculated based on the midpoint of the low and high ends of the revenue guidance for full year FY26. 4 The percentages shown in the restructuring line have been calculated based on charges associated with the Company’s restructuring initiatives. Stock-based compensation expense excludes stock-based compensation expense related to the Company’s restructuring initiatives, which is included in the restructuring line.
(in millions)
Non-GAAP income from operations1
GAAP income from operations
Plus:
Amortization of purchased intangibles
Stock-based compensation expense4
Restructuring
Non-GAAP income from operations1
Revenue
Non-GAAP operating margin2
$ 7,205
1,651
3,181
461
$ 12,498
$ 37,895
33.0 %
Non-GAAP operating margin
GAAP operating margin2
Plus:
Amortization of purchased intangibles3
Stock-based compensation expense3,4
Restructuring3,4
Non-GAAP operating margin2
21.6 %
3.7 %
8.4 %
0.3 %
34.0 %
Fiscal Year ended
January 31, 2025
Full Year
FY26 Guidance
GAAP to Non-GAAP 
Financial Reconciliation

Customer Service
SLDR
Personal Shopper
Agentic Intelligence
Campaign

UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM 10-K 
(Mark One)
☒ Annual report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
For the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025 
OR
☐ Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
For the transition period from to .
Commission File Number: 001-32224
Salesforce, Inc.
(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)
Delaware 94-3320693
(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)
(IRS Employer
Identification No.)
Salesforce Tower
415 Mission Street, 3rd Fl
San Francisco, California 94105
(Address of principal executive offices)
Telephone Number: (415) 901-7000
(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share CRM New York Stock Exchange
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
Not applicable
Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities 
Act. Yes ☒ No ¨
Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the 
Exchange Act. Yes ¨ No ☒
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), 
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ¨
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be 
submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such 
shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ¨
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a 
smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” 

“smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer ☒ Accelerated filer ☐
Non-accelerated filer ☐ Smaller reporting company ☐
Emerging growth company ☐
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition 
period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the 
Exchange Act. ¨
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the 
effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 
7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report ☒
If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of 
the Registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ¨
Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of 
incentive-based compensation received by any of the Registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period 
pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ¨
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange 
Act). Yes ☐ No ☒
Based on the closing price of the Registrant’s Common Stock on the last business day of the Registrant’s most recently 
completed second fiscal quarter, which was July 31, 2024, the aggregate market value of its shares (based on a closing price of 
$258.80 per share) held by non-affiliates was approximately $206.5 billion. Shares of the Registrant’s Common Stock held by 
each executive officer and director and by each entity or person that owned 5 percent or more of the Registrant’s outstanding 
Common Stock were excluded as such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not 
necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes.
As of February 28, 2025, there were approximately 961 million shares of the Registrant’s Common Stock outstanding.
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
Portions of the Registrant’s definitive proxy statement for its 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “Proxy 
Statement”), to be filed within 120 days of the Registrant’s fiscal year ended January 31, 2025, are incorporated by reference in 
Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except with respect to information specifically incorporated by reference in this 
Form 10-K, the Proxy Statement is not deemed to be filed as part of this Form 10-K.

INDEX
PART I
Item 1. Business.......................................................................................................................................................... 4
Item 1A. Risk Factors................................................................................................................................................... 11
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments ........................................................................................................................ 32
Item 1C. Cybersecurity ................................................................................................................................................ 32
Item 2. Properties....................................................................................................................................................... 34
Item 3. Legal Proceedings ........................................................................................................................................ 34
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures................................................................................................................................ 34
Item 4A. Information About Our Executive Officers............................................................................................... 34
PART II
Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of 
Equity Securities........................................................................................................................................... 37
Item 6. Reserved......................................................................................................................................................... 39
Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations................. 40
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.................................................................. 52
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data......................................................................................... 55
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure ................ 92
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.............................................................................................................................. 92
Item 9B. Other Information........................................................................................................................................ 93
Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.................................................... 93
PART III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance ....................................................................... 94
Item 11. Executive Compensation.............................................................................................................................. 94
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder 
Matters........................................................................................................................................................... 94
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence....................................... 94
Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services..................................................................................................... 94
PART IV
Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.............................................................................................. 95
Item 16. Form 10-K Summary.................................................................................................................................... 95
Index to Exhibits........................................................................................................................................... 95
Signatures...................................................................................................................................................... 98
Page No.
2

FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities 
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact, which may consist of, among other things, 
trend analyses and statements regarding future events, future financial performance, anticipated growth, and industry 
prospects, are forward-looking. Words such as “aims,” “anticipates,” “assumes,” “believes,” “commitments,” “could,” 
“estimates,” “expects,” “forecasts,” “foresees,” “goals,” “intends,” “may,” “plans,” “predicts,” “projects,” “seeks,” 
“should,” “targets” and “would,” and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forwardlooking statements. These forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain and based on management’s current 
expectations and assumptions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict, including those 
described in Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations,” Part II, Item 7A, “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk,” and elsewhere in 
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment and new 
risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all 
factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results or outcomes to 
differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 
In light of these and other risks and uncertainties, the future events and trends discussed in this Annual Report on Form 
10-K may not occur as we expect or at all, and our actual results or outcomes may differ materially and adversely from those
expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forwardlooking statements. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking
statements for any reason.
3

PART I. 
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Overview
Salesforce, Inc. (“Salesforce,” the “Company,” “we” or “our”) is a global leader in customer relationship management 
(“CRM”) technology, enabling companies of every size and industry to connect with their customers through the power of data, 
artificial intelligence (“AI”), CRM and trust. Founded in 1999, we bring humans together with AI agents to drive customer 
success on one deeply unified platform. 
Our AI-powered Salesforce Platform unites our offerings — spanning sales, service, marketing, commerce, collaboration, 
integration, AI, analytics, automation, industries and more — by connecting customer data across systems, applications and 
devices to create a complete view of customers. With this single source of customer truth, teams can be more responsive, 
productive and efficient and deliver intelligent, personalized and automated experiences across every channel. With Agentforce, 
the agentic layer of the Salesforce Platform, our customers can build and augment their teams with an always-on digital labor 
force, deploying autonomous AI agents across business functions that aim to increase productivity, lower costs and drive 
operational efficiencies.
Our service offerings are designed to be flexible, scalable and easy to use. They can generally be configured easily, 
deployed rapidly and integrated with other platforms and enterprise applications. We sell to businesses worldwide, primarily on 
a subscription basis, through our direct sales efforts and also indirectly through partners. In addition, we enable third parties to 
use our platform and developer tools to create additional functionality and new applications that run on our platform, which are 
sold separately from, or in conjunction with, our service offerings.
Salesforce is committed to a core set of values: trust, customer success, innovation, equality and sustainability – all of 
which are grounded in legal and regulatory frameworks that guide and inform our business. Foremost among these is trust, 
which is paramount and the foundation for everything we do, and is also firmly rooted in compliance with applicable laws 
governing security, privacy, data protection and operational integrity. Our customers expect to trust and rely on our technology 
to meet the high enterprise-grade standards of security, privacy, performance, legal compliance and availability at scale. 
Customer success is at the core of our business, and we align the entire company around our customers’ needs, promoting their 
success, showing our value and upholding applicable laws, contractual obligations and industry regulations and standards. 
Innovation is fundamental to our mission, empowering and enabling our customers to stay ahead in their industries and driving 
technological advancements in line with evolving laws, standards and guidelines. Equality is a legal and ethical mandate and a 
core tenet that informs how we operate. Our commitment to equal opportunity is anchored in applicable laws, statutes, 
regulations and principles. We value the equality of every individual at our company and in our communities and are dedicated 
to fostering a workplace that complies with these protections, creating an inclusive culture where every individual feels seen, 
heard and valued. Finally, we are committed to creating a more sustainable and nature-positive future for all. Our products and 
services help our customers meet their own sustainability and compliance priorities, guided by applicable environmental and 
sustainability-related laws, corporate social responsibility frameworks and legal requirements. By grounding our values in legal 
and regulatory principles, we reinforce our opportunity and responsibility to uphold high integrity and robust ethical standards, 
ensuring that trust, fairness, and compliance remain central to everything we seek to do.
We believe that our values, grounded in legal and regulatory frameworks, create value, and the business of business is to 
make the world a better place for all of our stakeholders, including stockholders, customers, employees, partners, the planet and 
the communities in which we work and live. Salesforce is committed to giving back to our communities, helping businesses 
grow while protecting the environment for future generations, and transparent environmental, social and governance 
disclosures. We believe we have a broad responsibility to society, and we aspire to create a framework for the ethical and 
humane use of technology that not only drives the success of our customers, but also upholds the basic human rights of every 
individual.
Our Service Offerings
We believe that every business, in every industry, has to optimize for an AI-first experience for their customers, 
employees and partners, leveraging trusted AI, data and CRM technology to increase efficiency, boost productivity and drive 
growth. Through Agentforce, our suite of customizable AI agents and tools, Salesforce brings autonomous AI, unified data and 
applications together on one deeply unified platform that enables companies of any industry or size to deliver AI-powered, 
personalized engagement across every customer touchpoint with the ability to hyperscale data and automation. 
Our service offerings are designed to work together and include:
Sales. Our Sales offering is an integrated platform that brings together the power of humans with AI agents to help sales 
teams sell faster and smarter, and to efficiently manage and automate entire sales processes. It provides sales capabilities and 
tools built for an entire sales organization – across prospecting, sales engagement, team collaboration, sales analytics and AI, 
sales programs, sales performance, partner management, and revenue and orders. With our Sales offering, businesses can create 
4

Integration and Analytics.
Integration. Our unified Integration, Automation and API Management offerings, powered by MuleSoft, provide the 
essential building blocks to deliver AI-powered, end-to-end, connected experiences and innovate faster. Customers use 
MuleSoft to connect data across any system, take action on their data using no-code or low-code to automate tasks across any 
system, and scale API governance to help secure and monitor all of their data in transit. With MuleSoft, customers can extend 
Agentforce to any system to take action outside of Salesforce.
lifelong customers by connecting their entire organization and unifying all data sources on a single integrated platform. Further, 
with Agentforce for Sales, customers can build a sales team augmented by a digital labor force and empower every seller with 
their own AI agent to help accelerate productivity and drive growth.
Service. Our Service offering enables companies in every industry to bring all of their customer service and field service 
needs onto one integrated, AI-powered platform to deliver trusted, highly personalized customer support at scale. It also helps 
our customers maximize productivity, resolve cases faster and improve customer satisfaction by automating routine tasks. With 
Agentforce for Service, customers can tap the power of digital labor to handle low-touch interactions and help their teams with 
high-touch tasks, unlocking new levels of efficiency. Our AI technology enables service teams to automatically route cases to 
the best service agent for the job, respond to customers with personalized, relevant answers grounded in company data and 
perform tasks like auto-summarizing support cases and field work orders. Our service offering also provides a field service 
solution that enables companies to connect service agents, dispatchers and mobile employees through one centralized platform, 
on which they can intelligently schedule and dispatch work as well as track and manage jobs.
Platform and Other. The Salesforce Platform enables companies of all industries, sizes, and locations to build business 
workflows, applications and AI agents on a single, comprehensive platform to help boost efficiency, increases productivity and 
automation and save on information technology costs. It facilitates development with no-code and low-code tools that are easy 
to use and free to learn, empowering anyone to build trusted applications, AI agents, models, code, prompts, automations, and 
much more. Our Trust Layer is built into the Salesforce Platform to help customers safely use their data and set guardrails on 
what AI agents do with that data. The Salesforce Platform is built on Hyperforce, our infrastructure that helps customers 
manage data governance and compliance at a local level, all over the world. Our technology partners help customers to easily 
add the applications they need and utilize the data lakes and systems they have already invested in, and because the platform is 
open source, customers can integrate and build with any data or partner application they choose to make the platform work for 
their business.
Slack. Our Slack offering is a workplace communication and productivity platform where work happens for millions of 
people every day. It centralizes conversations and collaboration, automates business processes, makes search and knowledge 
sharing seamless, and delivers trusted generative and agentic AI that augments employees so they can work smarter, make 
decisions faster, and drive real outcomes. Slack is also deeply integrated with every Salesforce offering, including Agentforce, 
bringing a digital labor force into the messages and channels where work is happening. With Agentforce in Slack, employees 
across every department can collaborate with specialized AI agents and accelerate high-impact work directly in the flow of 
work.
Marketing and Commerce.
Marketing. Our Marketing offering is a complete marketing platform designed to help customers personalize engagement 
across the customer lifecycle. By connecting departments through actionable data, trusted AI, and autonomous AI agents, we 
empower teams to work together to build lasting customer relationships. With Agentforce, marketers can save time on every 
step of the campaign process by using prompts to generate briefs, content, and journeys, as well as optimize performance and 
spend with actionable insights and predictive AI. With operational customer profiles, marketers and AI agents can easily take 
action on structured and unstructured data to build segments, calculate insights, analyze performance, and power AI 
recommendations, decisioning, and automations. Our Marketing offering is built on the Salesforce Platform, so that marketing 
teams are able to seamlessly provide sales next-best-offer recommendations, help service retain customers with proactive 
promotions, and re-engage inactive shoppers.
Commerce. Our Commerce offering helps connect every aspect of commerce—from marketing and sales to service and 
fulfillment—on a single, connected, AI-powered platform, enabling brands to deliver personalized, seamless shopping 
experiences across every customer touchpoint. With Agentforce for Commerce, brands can autonomously manage a range of 
tasks with AI agents, such as product recommendations and order lookup, helping to boost capacity and productivity across 
marketing, commerce, merchandising, and store operations. With trusted AI and AI agents, businesses can generate product 
descriptions and web pages; and deliver personalized shopping assistance using natural language. Native integrations between 
our Commerce, Sales, Service, and Marketing offerings enable brands to tackle complex challenges and build cohesive digital 
experiences. Additionally, our Commerce offering delivers click-to-code tools, which provide customers with the ability to 
quickly build and deploy our solutions around their customers as markets, industries, and customers evolve.
5

Other Salesforce Offerings
In addition to our solution specific service offerings, we have specialized solutions that work across our offerings to 
support our customers’ business needs. These additional service offerings include:
Agentforce. Agentforce is the agentic layer of the Salesforce Platform for deploying autonomous AI agents that can 
understand and respond to customer inquiries without human intervention across business functions. Agentforce includes a set 
of tools to create and customize AI agents, as well as a library of ready-to-use skills for most any use cases across sales, service, 
marketing and commerce, Tableau, Slack, partners and more. Agentforce is a complete AI system for building a digital labor 
force, integrating data, AI, automation, and humans to deploy trusted AI agents for concrete business outcomes. It works by 
giving teams tools, services, and AI agents that can tap into the power of a large language model (“LLM”) and their connected 
business data to autonomously identify what work needs to be done, build a plan to complete the work, and then execute the 
plan. 
Data Cloud. Data Cloud is our hyperscale, trusted data engine native to Salesforce. It brings a company’s enterprise data 
into Salesforce to deliver an actionable, comprehensive and robust view of a customer by connecting enterprise data from 
disparate sources and harmonizing it into a single, trusted model that is easy to access and understand. By leveraging Data 
Cloud’s robust framework for data ingestion, transformation and indexing, integrations with retrieval-augmented generation 
improve customer experiences by transforming unstructured text and data into searchable insights, empowering companies to 
respond to customer queries with more context, relevance, knowledge, and advanced reasoning. Data Cloud leverages the 
power of Salesforce metadata to enable companies to ingest and federate data to power automation, analytics, and AI agents 
across Salesforce applications. 
Industries. Our industry vertical offerings meet the specific needs of our customers across different industries, such as 
financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing, automotive and government. Each of our distinct industry 
offerings provide out-of-the-box, AI-powered capabilities that make it easy for industry customers to leverage the full 
Salesforce Platform with purpose-built tools that address industry-specific needs and enable the speed and flexibility to keep up 
with changing times and customer demands. Salesforce’s industry offering also includes Industries AI – a suite of more than 
100 industries capabilities and a library with resources on how to get started for every industry offering. Industries AI 
capabilities serve as the foundation for creating industry-specific AI agents with Agentforce that can be set up in minutes, work 
around the clock, and autonomously perform industry-specific business tasks and actions.
Salesforce Starter. We offer Starter Suite, an all-in-one, easy-to-use solution for small and medium-size businesses that 
brings sales. service, marketing and commerce together. Starter Suite helps businesses get set up with Salesforce quickly and 
easily, so they can save time, boost productivity, and manage relationships with all of their customer operations in one, 
centralized location. Starter Suite allows businesses to build a trusted foundation of customer data for advanced AI technology 
to support efficient business growth.
Business Benefits of Using Our Solutions
The key advantages of our solutions include the following:
• an industry-leading, AI-powered deeply unified platform for business-to-business, business-to-consumer and businessto-employee for the all-digital, work-from-anywhere world;
• scalable, efficient and flexible solutions for any size company or industry;
• a single source of truth that connects customer data across systems, applications and devices to help companies sell,
service, market and conduct commerce from anywhere;
• the ability to unlock companies’ customer data across their business, see and understand their data with advanced
analytics, make predictions with pervasive AI, automate tasks and personalize every interaction;
• the ability to infuse trusted AI in the flow of work and create AI agents that help make the customer experience more
intelligent, automated and personalized, and employees more productive;
• the ability to collaborate easily with customers, employees, partners and systems;
• modern low-code and no-code tools powered by leading edge AI, which empowers developers and business users to
create digital experiences and configure and automate business processes to fit the needs of any business, accelerating
time to value;
• the ability to accelerate adoption and drive results with purpose-built, compliant tools and processes that deliver outof-the-box functionality, security and interoperability; and
Analytics. Our analytics offerings, including Tableau, provide advanced, end-to-end solutions for a wide range of 
business use cases, powered by agentic AI. With Tableau, customers can visualize, analyze, and act on business data from any 
source. Tableau helps users work more efficiently, spot trends, predict outcomes, receive timely recommendations, and take 
action with autonomous AI agents. Additionally, Tableau enriches Agentforce with best-in-class data visualizations and 
business context, lowering the barriers of data access for everyone.
6

• an enterprise application marketplace and a community of tens of millions of Trailblazers: passionate developers,
admins and experts who use Salesforce to innovate and extend the platform with thousands of partner applications.
Our Business and Growth Strategy
We continue to expand in the growing addressable markets across all of our service offerings. We continue to focus on 
several key growth levers, including driving multiple service offering adoption, increasing our penetration with enterprise and 
international customers and our industry-specific reach with more vertical software solutions. We orient our business strategy 
and invest for future growth by focusing on the following key priorities:
Expand relationships with existing customers. We see significant opportunities to deepen existing customer 
relationships through cross-selling and upselling our service offerings. For example, we continue to focus on driving multiple 
service offering adoption, which provides our customers with a one-stop-shop for their front-office business technology needs. 
As our customers realize the benefits of our entire suite of service offerings, we aim to upgrade the customers’ experience with 
new products and features and gain additional subscriptions by targeting new functional areas and business units. Finally, we 
aim to expand our relationships with existing customers through our additional support offerings.
Increase geographic reach. By extending our go-to-market capabilities globally, we aim to grow our business by selling 
to new customers in new regions. We will continue to pursue businesses of all sizes in most major markets globally. We also 
plan to continue to develop distribution channels through new and existing marketplaces and partners for our solutions around 
the globe and new go-to-market strategies. We continue to invest in our domestic and international operations and infrastructure 
to deliver the highest-quality service to our customers around the world.
Focus on industries and new products. As part of our growth strategy, we are delivering innovative and value-driven 
solutions in new categories based on our existing and potential customers’ needs. For example, we provide out-of-the-box 
solutions specifically built for customers in certain industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, 
manufacturing and more. In addition, through direct discussions and strategic engagements with our customers, we are able to 
deliver the innovations and enhancements that align with the needs of our customers. In the third quarter of fiscal 2025, we 
introduced Agentforce, the agentic layer of the Salesforce Platform for deploying autonomous AI agents across any business 
function. Agentforce includes a set of tools to create and customize AI agents, as well as a library of ready-to-use skills for any 
use case across sales, service, marketing and commerce, Tableau, Slack, partners and more. 
Leverage our partner ecosystem. The Salesforce Platform enables customers, independent software vendors (“ISVs”) 
and third-party developers to create, test and deliver cloud-based applications. These applications can be marketed and sold on 
the AppExchange, our enterprise cloud marketplace, or sold directly by software vendors. In addition, we rely on our consulting 
partners to deliver technology solutions and expertise to customers, from large-scale implementations to more limited solutions 
that help businesses run more efficiently. We continue to work with and invest in our partner ecosystem, including these ISVs 
and system integrators (“SIs”), to accelerate our reach into new markets and industries.
Promote strong customer adoption and reduce customer attrition. We believe that we have the people, processes and 
proven innovation to help companies transform successfully. Our customer success programs, including success management 
resources, advisory services, technical architects and business strategists, help enable and accelerate our customers’ digital 
transformations. In addition, we have free, curated resources such as Trailhead to help companies learn our systems and a 
community of Trailblazers who drive innovation. With these programs and resources, we aim to reduce attrition and secure 
renewals of existing customer subscriptions.
Mergers and Acquisitions and Strategic Investments
We evaluate opportunities to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, technologies and intellectual 
property to complement our organic innovation and advance the development of our Salesforce Platform. Our evaluation seeks 
to confirm that any potential acquisition accelerates our strategy, represents an attractive customer opportunity, provides a 
pathway to effectively monetize the acquired products and drive significant operational efficiencies and presents a clear 
timeline for value accretion. Our acquisitions can range in size and complexity, from those that enhance or complement existing 
products and accelerate development of features to large-scale acquisitions that result in new service offerings. Our goal is to 
prioritize the use of our balance sheet, through cash and debt, to complete acquisitions.
We also manage a portfolio of strategic investments in both privately held and publicly traded companies focused 
primarily on enterprise cloud companies, technology startups and SIs. Our investments range from early to late stage 
companies, including investments made concurrent with a company’s initial public offering. We invest in companies that we 
believe are digitally transforming their industries, improving customer experiences, helping us expand our solution ecosystem 
or supporting other corporate initiatives, including AI. We plan to continue making these types of strategic investments as 
opportunities arise that we find attractive, including investments in companies representing targeted businesses, technological 
initiatives and geographies. Our strategy includes growing our strategic investment portfolio, in part, by reinvesting proceeds 
from the sales of strategic investments.
7

Our current competitors include:
• vendors of packaged business software, as well as companies offering enterprise applications delivered through onpremises offerings from enterprise software application vendors and cloud computing application service providers,
either individually or with others;
• software companies that provide their product or service free of charge as a single product or when bundled with other
offerings, or only charge a premium for advanced features and functionality, as well as companies that offer solutions
that are sold without a direct sales organization;
• vendors who offer software tailored to specific services, industries or market segments, as opposed to our full suite of
service offerings including suppliers of traditional business intelligence and data preparation products, integration
software vendors, marketing vendors, e-commerce solutions vendors, or AI software and service vendors;
• productivity tool and email providers, unified communications providers and consumer application companies that
have entered the business software market; and
• traditional platform development environment companies and cloud computing development platform companies who
may develop toolsets and products that allow customers to build new applications, including AI augmented
applications, that run on the customers’ current infrastructure or as hosted services, as well as would-be customers who
may develop enterprise applications for internal use.
We believe more companies may become competitive threats due to the attractiveness of the markets in which we 
operate. We also expect our competition to change and evolve as we expand into more markets, with new offerings.
Customers
We sell to businesses of all sizes and in almost every industry worldwide. The number of paying subscriptions at each of 
our customers ranges from one to hundreds of thousands. None of our customers accounted for more than ten percent of our 
revenues in fiscal years 2025, 2024 or 2023. In addition, we do not have any material dependencies on any specific product, 
service or particular group or groups.
Customer Service and Support
We offer professional services to help customers achieve business results faster with Salesforce solutions. Our architects 
and innovation program teams act as advisors to plan and execute digital transformations for our customers. This includes 
implementation services for multi-offering and complex deployments. We provide best-practices and AI-based 
recommendations and adoption programs globally. In addition, we provide advanced education, including in-person and online 
courses, to certify our customers and partners on architecting, administering, deploying and developing our service offerings.
Our global customer support group responds to both business and technical inquiries about the use of our products via the 
web, telephone, email, social networks and other channels. We provide standard customer support during regular business hours 
to customers as part of our paying subscription editions. We also offer premier customer support that is either included in a 
premium success offering or sold for an additional fee, which can include services such as priority access to technical resources, 
developer support and system administration. In addition, we offer a premier priority support add-on that includes proactive 
monitoring, rapid incident response and instruction from a dedicated support team knowledgeable about the customer's specific 
Technology, Development and Operations
We primarily deliver our solutions as highly scalable cloud computing application and platform services on a multi-tenant 
technology architecture. Multi-tenancy is an architectural approach that allows us to operate a single application instance for 
multiple organizations, treating all customers as separate tenants who run in virtual isolation from each other. This approach 
allows us to spread the cost of delivering our services across our user base and scale our business faster than traditional 
software vendors while focusing our resources on building new functionality and enhancing existing offerings.
We provide our services through cloud computing platform partners who offer Infrastructure-as-a-Service, including 
servers, storage, databases and networking, as well as through infrastructure designed and operated by us but secured within 
third-party data center facilities. We continue to invest and expand the deployment of Hyperforce, which allows our platform 
and applications to be delivered rapidly and reliably to locations worldwide and provides our customers autonomy and control 
over data residency.
Our technology and product efforts are focused on improving and enhancing the features, functionality, performance, 
availability and security of our existing service offerings, as well as developing new features, functionality and services. We 
also remain focused on integrating businesses, services and technologies from acquisitions. Performance, functional depth, 
security, usability, ease of integration and configuration and sustainability of our solutions influence our technology decisions 
and product direction.
Competition
The market for our service offerings is highly competitive, rapidly evolving and fragmented, and subject to changing 
technology with low barriers to entry, shifting customer needs and frequent introductions of new products and services.
8

• multichannel marketing campaigns that span email, social media, the web, television and more, which align to a
broader customer journey;
• in-person and virtual customer events of all sizes to create customer and prospect awareness, including proprietary
events such as Dreamforce and our virtual Dreamforce to You, World Tours and other virtual events, as well as
participation in trade shows and industry events;
• live events and original programming on our Salesforce+ streaming service, which includes discussions about the
future of technology in the AI-first, work anywhere world and educational content to learn new skills and pursue new
career opportunities;
• press and industry analyst relations to garner third-party validation and generate positive coverage for our company,
brand, service offerings and value proposition;
• partner co-marketing activities with global and regional implementation partners;
• customer testimonials and our community of Trailblazers: individuals who drive innovation, grow their careers and
transform their businesses using the Salesforce Platform;
• in-person and virtual technology event sponsorships; and
• event partnerships with high-profile global brands and organizations.
Intellectual Property
We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, patents and contractual provisions to protect our 
proprietary technology and our brands. We also enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with our employees, 
consultants and other third parties and control access to software, services, documentation and other proprietary information. 
We believe the duration of our patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of our service offerings. We also purchase or 
license technology that we incorporate into our products or services. At times, we make select intellectual property broadly 
available at no or low cost to achieve a strategic objective, such as promoting industry standards, advancing interoperability, 
supporting open source software or attracting and enabling our external development community. While it may be necessary in 
the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products and business methods, we believe, based upon 
past experience and industry practice, such licenses generally should be obtainable on commercially reasonable terms.
Human Capital Management 
Salesforce is committed to a core set of values: trust, customer success, innovation, equality and sustainability. These 
core values are the foundation of our company culture, which we believe is fundamental to, and a competitive advantage in, our 
approach to managing our workforce. We believe our company culture fosters open dialogue, collaboration, recognition and a 
sense of belonging, all of which allow us to attract and retain the best talent, which is critical for our continued success. For 
example, our sales, engineering and customer success teams are critical to our ability to grow, innovate, and promote the trust 
and success of our customers.
We believe our efforts in managing our workforce have been effective. Our focus on our workplace environment and a 
strong company culture has led to recognition across the globe, as evidenced by the following awards: Ethisphere’s World’s 
Most Ethical Companies (2024 and for the 15th time), One of America's Most JUST Companies from JUST Capital (2025 and 
for the eighth year in a row), Fortune World's Most Admired Companies (2025 for the 11th year in a row), Fortune 100 Best 
Companies to Work For (2024 and for the 16th year in a row), Fortune World’s Most Innovative Companies (2024, for the 
second year in a row), a Top 100 Employer of Choice on the American Opportunity Index (2024 and for the third year in a 
row), A Glassdoor Best Places to Work 2025, a 2024 Great Place to Work Best Workplace in: Japan, UK, South Korea, 
Argentina, France, Spain, Denmark, Canada, United States, Switzerland, Mexico, Ireland, The Netherlands, India, Portugal, 
enterprise architecture. With the launch of Agentforce, we’ve made it easier for customers to find answers by providing an even 
more intuitive experience on our Salesforce Help page. Agentforce can resolve customer issues swiftly and accurately because 
answers are grounded in our trusted unstructured content unified in Data Cloud. By automating simple and repetitive tasks, our 
support engineers will be able to augment and scale their time in a more valuable way.
Sales and Marketing
We sell our services primarily through our direct sales force, which comprises sales personnel based in regional hubs, 
field sales personnel based in territories close to their customers and self-service offerings.
To a lesser extent, we also utilize a network of partners who refer sales leads to us and assist in selling to prospects. This 
network includes global consulting firms, SIs and other partners. In return, we typically pay these partners a fee based on the 
first-year subscription revenue generated by the customers they refer. We continue to invest in developing additional 
distribution channels for our subscription services.
We use a variety of marketing programs across traditional and social channels to target our prospective and current 
customers, partners and developers. We focus our marketing activities in the cities and countries with the largest market 
opportunities. Our primary marketing activities include:
9

Brazil, Singapore, Australia and a Built In’s 2025 Best Places to Work winner in: Dallas, Colorado, Austin, Seattle, Atlanta, 
Boston, San Francisco and a 100 Best U.S. Large Companies to Work For in 2025 overall. 
As of January 31, 2025, we had 76,453 employees. None of our employees in the United States are represented by a labor 
union. However, employees of certain foreign subsidiaries are represented by works councils.
We have continued to invest in development programs, employee engagement and ongoing communications and 
feedback. For additional information on our workforce, refer to our annual Stakeholder Impact Report, https://salesforce.com/
stakeholder-impact-report. Some of our key human capital management initiatives are summarized below:
Equality
Our approach to equality is firmly rooted in compliance with federal law (as a U.S. company and other applicable laws 
and regulations in the regions in which we operate, including statutes, regulations and principles governing equal pay, equal 
opportunity and anti-discrimination protections. These legal frameworks shape our long-standing commitment to fostering a 
workplace where all individuals are treated equally, have access to opportunities and are protected from discrimination. By 
adhering to these laws, we uphold a fair and inclusive environment where our employees can do the best work and teaming of 
their careers, reinforcing principles of equality, dignity and respect for all.
Talent and Career Development
We offer our employees various talent development programs to create a culture of continuous learning and new ways to 
grow their careers. We provide learning and development opportunities through Career Connect, our internal talent 
marketplace, and Trailhead, our learning platform available for all employees. We encourage our employees to seek personal 
and professional development opportunities with external organizations and offer yearly education reimbursement to employees 
who wish to continue job-related education from accredited institutions or organizations.
Total Rewards
We believe offering competitive compensation packages and robust benefits is an important factor in our ability to attract, 
retain and motivate our employees and to help enhance their everyday wellbeing. We use a combination of fixed and variable 
cash compensation for all employees and award equity compensation to certain employees in the form of restricted stock units 
and performance-based restricted stock units, and on a limited basis, stock options. Eligible employees are also able to 
participate in our Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which allows employees to purchase our stock at a 15 percent discount up to 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code limits. We also match up to $5,000 of donations, per employee, to eligible nonprofit organizations, 
and effective February 1, 2025, donations are matched up to $10,000 per employee. We offer employees benefits that vary by 
country and are designed to meet or exceed local legal requirements and to be competitive in the marketplace.
Our V2MOM and Code of Conduct
Alignment and consistent and clear communication are a key part of our employee engagement, especially as we continue 
to grow. Each year, we complete a corporate V2MOM, which is our business plan for the year used to align the Company on 
our vision, values, methods, obstacles and measures for the upcoming year. All employees are then expected to complete their 
own V2MOM that aligns with the corporate V2MOM. In addition, our Code of Conduct reflects our core values, which remain 
the foundation of the Company and which directly impact our ability to deliver success. We expect all of our employees to act 
with integrity, including treating others with compassion and respect.
Employee Engagement and Satisfaction
Our leadership strives for active engagement with our employees through a variety of channels, including all-company 
meetings and our daily newsletter, The Daily, allowing employees to stay connected with the business and new developments. 
Twice a year, all employees have the opportunity to complete a confidential survey measuring employee engagement and 
experience, the health of our culture and how we are living up to our values. This survey is one of several ways we see to 
understand employee experience and drive real change across the Company. 
Government Regulation
We operate globally and are subject to numerous U.S. federal, state and foreign laws and regulations covering a wide 
variety of subject matters. Additional information regarding governmental regulations relevant to our business is discussed in 
Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors.”
Available Information
Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and other filings 
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”, and all amendments to these filings, can be obtained free of charge 
from our website at http://investor.salesforce.com/financials/ or by contacting our Investor Relations department at our office 
address listed above as soon as reasonably practicable following our filing of any of these reports with the SEC. The SEC 
maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that 
10

• Any breaches in our security measures or those of our third-party data center hosting facilities, cloud computing
platform providers or third-party service partners, or the underlying infrastructure of the Internet that cause
unauthorized access to a customer’s data, our data or our IT systems, or the blockage or disablement of authorized
access to our services.
• Any defects or disruptions in our services that diminish demand for our services.
• Any interruptions or delays in services from third parties, including data center hosting facilities, cloud computing
platform providers and other hardware and software vendors, as well as internet availability, or from our inability to
adequately plan for and manage service interruptions or infrastructure capacity requirements.
• An inability to realize the expected business or financial benefits of company and technology acquisitions.
• Strain on our personnel resources and infrastructure from supporting our existing and growing customer base or an
inability to scale our operations and increase productivity.
• Customer attrition, or our inability to accurately predict subscription renewals and upgrade rates.
• Disruptions caused by periodic changes to our sales organization.
• Exposure to risks inherent in international operations from sales to customers outside the United States.
• A more time-consuming and expensive sales cycle, pricing pressure and implementation and configuration challenges
as we target more of our sales efforts at larger enterprise customers.
• Any loss of key members of our management team or development and operations personnel, or inability to attract and
retain employees necessary to support our operations and growth.
• Any failure in the delivery of high-quality professional and technical support services related to our online
applications.
Strategic and Industry Risks
• An inability to compete effectively in the intensely competitive markets in which we participate.
• Any failure to expand our services and to develop and integrate our existing services in order to keep pace with
technological developments.
• An inability to maintain and enhance our brands.
• Partial or complete loss of invested capital, or significant changes in the fair value, of our strategic investment
portfolio.
• Any discontinuance by third-party developers and providers in embracing our technology delivery model and
enterprise cloud computing services, or customers asking us for warranties for third-party applications, integrations,
data and content.
• Social and ethical issues, including the use or capabilities of AI in our offerings.
file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. The contents of these and other websites referenced throughout the filing are 
not incorporated and do not constitute a part of this filing. Further, our references to the URLs for these websites are intended to 
be inactive textual references only.
Our principal executive offices are located in San Francisco, California. Our principal address is Salesforce Tower, 415 
Mission St., 3rd Floor, San Francisco, California 94105, and our primary website address is www.salesforce.com.
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
In evaluating our business, you should carefully consider the following discussion of material risks, events and 
uncertainties that make an investment in us speculative or risky in addition to the other information included in this Annual 
Report. A manifestation of any of the following risks and uncertainties could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to 
accurately predict, materially and adversely affect our business and operations, growth, reputation, prospects, operating and 
financial results, financial condition, cash flows, liquidity and stock price. Some of the factors, events and contingencies 
discussed below may have occurred in the past, but the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the 
factors, events or contingencies have occurred in the past and instead reflect our beliefs and opinions as to the factors, events 
or contingencies that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. The risks and uncertainties described below are not 
the only ones we face. Other events, factors or uncertainties that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem 
immaterial also may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, other key metrics and the trading 
price of our common stock. Therefore, you should not consider the following risks to be a complete statement of all the 
potential risks or uncertainties that we face. 
Risk Factor Summary
Operational and Execution Risks
11

• The evolving landscape related to ESG matters.
Legal and Regulatory Risks
• Privacy concerns and laws as well as evolving regulation of cloud computing, increased restriction of cross-border data
transfers and other regulatory developments.
• Evolving industry-specific regulations, requirements, interpretive positions or standards.
• Lawsuits against us by third parties for various claims, including alleged infringement of proprietary rights.
• Any failure to obtain registration or protection of our intellectual property rights.
• Risks related to government contracts and related procurement regulations.
• Governmental sanctions and export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international
markets and may subject us to liability.
Financial Risks
• Downturns or upturns in new business, which may not be immediately reflected in our operating results because we
generally recognize revenue from subscriptions for our services over the term of the subscription.
• Significant fluctuations in our rate of anticipated growth and any failure to balance our expenses with our revenue
forecasts.
• Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate and additional tax liabilities and global tax developments.
• Fluctuations in currency exchange rates, particularly the U.S. Dollar versus local currencies.
• Our debt service obligations, lease commitments and other contractual obligations.
Risks Related to Owning Our Common Stock
• Fluctuations in our quarterly results.
• Volatility in the market price of our common stock and associated litigation.
• Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law that might discourage, delay or prevent a
change of control of the Company or changes in our management.
General Risks
• Volatile and significantly weakened global economic conditions.
• The occurrence of natural disasters and other events beyond our control.
• The long-term impact of climate change on our business.
Operational and Execution Risks
If our security measures or those of our third-party data center hosting facilities, cloud computing platform providers 
or third-party service partners, or the underlying infrastructure of the Internet are breached, and unauthorized access is 
obtained to a customer’s data, our data or our IT systems, or authorized access is blocked or disabled, our services may be 
perceived as not being secure, customers may curtail or stop using our services, and we may incur significant reputational 
harm, legal exposure and liabilities, or a negative financial impact.
Our services involve the storage and transmission of our customers’ and our customers’ customers’ proprietary and other 
sensitive data, including financial, health and other personal information. Our services and underlying infrastructure may in the 
future be materially breached or compromised as a result of the following:
• third-party attempts to fraudulently induce our employees, partners or customers to disclose sensitive information to
gain access to our customers’ data or IT systems, or our data or our IT systems;
• efforts by hackers or sophisticated groups, such as criminal organizations, state-sponsored organizations or nationstates, to launch coordinated cyberattacks on internally built infrastructure or on third-party cloud-computing platform
providers, including ransomware, destructive malware and distributed denial-of-service attacks;
• third-party attempts to abuse our marketing, advertising, messaging or social products and functionalities to
impersonate persons or organizations and disseminate information that is false, misleading or malicious;
• vulnerabilities existing within new technologies and infrastructures, including those from acquired companies, or
resulting from enhancements and updates to our existing service offerings;
• vulnerabilities in the products or components across the broad ecosystem that our services operate in conjunction with
and are dependent on;
• attacks on, or vulnerabilities in, the many different underlying networks and services that power the Internet that our
products depend on, most of which are not under our control or the control of our vendors, partners or customers; and
12

• employee or contractor errors or intentional acts that compromise our security systems.
These risks are mitigated, to the extent possible, by our ability to maintain and improve business and data governance
policies and enhance processes and internal security controls, including our ability to escalate and respond to known and 
potential risks. We can provide no assurances that our security measures, including implemented systems and processes 
designed to protect our customers’ and our customers’ customers’ proprietary and other sensitive data, will provide absolute 
security or otherwise be effective or that a material breach will not occur. For example, our ability to mitigate these risks may 
be impacted by the following: 
• evolving techniques used to breach or sabotage IT systems and infrastructure, including as a result of the increased use
of AI technologies by bad actors, which are generally not recognized until launched against a target, and could result in
our being unable to anticipate or implement adequate measures to prevent such techniques;
• the increasing complexity of our internal IT systems as we incorporate and secure IT environments from acquired
companies and early adoption of new technologies and new ways of sharing data; and
• our limited control over our customers or third-party technology providers (including those authorized by customers to
access their data), or the processing of data by third-party technology providers, which may not allow us to maintain
the integrity or security of such transmissions or processing.
In the normal course of business, we are and have been the target of malicious cyberattacks and have experienced other 
security incidents. Although, to date, such identified security events have not had a material financial impact, there can be no 
assurance that future cyberattacks will not be material or significant. Additionally, as our market presence grows, we may face 
increased risks of cyberattacks or security threats, and as AI technologies, including generative AI models, develop rapidly, 
threat actors are using these technologies to create new sophisticated attack methods that are increasingly automated, targeted 
and coordinated and more difficult to defend against.
A security breach or incident could result in unauthorized parties obtaining access to, or the denial of authorized access to, 
our IT systems or data, or our customers’ systems or data, including intellectual property and proprietary, sensitive or other 
confidential information. We have contractual and other legal obligations to notify relevant stakeholders of security breaches. 
For example, SEC rules require disclosure on Form 8-K of the nature, scope and timing of any material cybersecurity incident 
and the reasonably likely impact of any such incident. A security breach or resulting mandatory disclosure could result in a loss 
of confidence in the security of our services, damage our reputation, negatively impact our future sales, disrupt our business and 
lead to increases in insurance premiums and legal, regulatory and financial exposure and liability. Further, there can be no 
assurance that our insurance coverage will be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business, or reputational losses that may 
result from a cybersecurity incident or breach of our IT systems. Finally, the detection, prevention and remediation of known or 
potential security vulnerabilities, including determining whether a cybersecurity incident is notifiable or reportable, may not be 
straightforward and may result in additional financial burdens due to additional direct and indirect costs to respond to or 
alleviate problems caused by the actual or perceived security breach, such as additional infrastructure capacity spending to 
mitigate any system degradation and the reallocation of resources from development activities. 
Defects or disruptions in our services could diminish demand for our services and subject us to substantial liability.
We have in the past and may in the future find defects in or experience disruptions to our services. Such issues may arise 
in a variety of circumstances, including due to our customers using our services in unanticipated ways that may cause a 
disruption in services for other customers attempting to access their data; as a result of employee, contractor or other third-party 
action or inaction; or due to the complexity of our services, which incorporate a variety of hardware, proprietary software and 
third-party and open-source software. Across the industry, cloud services frequently contain undetected errors when first 
introduced or when new versions or enhancements are released. We may also encounter difficulties integrating acquired or 
licensed technologies into our services and in augmenting the technologies we use to meet quality standards that are consistent 
with our brand and reputation, which may result in our services containing errors or defects. 
We have experienced and may in the future experience defects in our products that create vulnerabilities that inadvertently 
permit access to protected customer data. We can provide no assurance that such product defects or other vulnerabilities will 
not occur in the future, have a material adverse effect on our business or subject us to substantial liability. Vulnerabilities in 
open source or any proprietary or third-party product can persist even after security patches have been issued if customers have 
not installed the most recent updates, or if the attackers exploited the vulnerabilities before patching was complete. In some 
cases, vulnerabilities may not be immediately detected, which may make it difficult to recover critical services and lead to 
damaged assets. 
Since our customers use our services for important aspects of their business, errors, defects, disruptions in service or other 
performance problems have in the past adversely impacted our customers’ businesses and could do so in the future. As a result, 
customers could elect to not renew our services or delay or withhold payment to us. We could also lose future sales or 
customers may make warranty or other claims against us, which could result in an increase in our allowance for doubtful 
accounts, an increase in collection cycles for accounts receivable or the expense and risk of litigation.
13

• potential failure to achieve the expected benefits on a timely basis or at all;
• potential identified or unknown security vulnerabilities in acquired products that expose us to additional security risks
or delay our ability to integrate the product into our service offerings, as well as difficulties in increasing or
maintaining the security standards for acquired technology;
Any interruptions or delays in services from third parties, including data center hosting facilities, cloud computing 
platform providers and other hardware and software vendors, as well as internet availability, or from our inability to 
adequately plan for and manage service interruptions or infrastructure capacity requirements, could impair the delivery of 
our services and harm our business.
We currently rely on third-party data center hosting facilities and cloud computing platform providers located in the 
United States and other countries, as well as the many different underlying networks and services that power the Internet, to 
deliver our products, services and business operations and to operate critical business systems. We also rely on computer 
hardware purchased or leased from, software licensed from, and cloud computing platforms provided by, third parties in order 
to offer our services, including database software, hardware and data from a variety of vendors. Any disruption or damage to, or 
failure of our systems generally, including the systems of third-party providers we rely on, could result in service interruptions 
and harm our business. We have from time to time experienced service interruptions and such interruptions may occur in the 
future. As we increase our reliance on these third-party systems, particularly with respect to third-party cloud computing 
platforms, our exposure to damage from service interruptions or other performance or quality issues may increase. Service 
interruptions or other performance or quality issues may cause us to issue credits or pay penalties, cause customers to make 
warranty or other claims against us or to terminate their subscriptions, and adversely affect our attrition rates and our ability to 
attract new customers, all of which would reduce our revenue. Our business and reputation would also be harmed if our 
customers and potential customers believe our services are unreliable.
For many of our offerings, our production environment and customers’ data are replicated in a separate facility located 
elsewhere. Certain offerings, including some offerings of companies added through acquisitions, may be served through 
alternate facilities or arrangements. We do not control the operation of any of these facilities, and they may be vulnerable to 
damage or interruption from earthquakes, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures and similar events. They may 
also be subject to break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of destruction or vandalism or similar misconduct, as well as local 
administrative actions, changes to legal or permitting requirements and litigation to stop, limit or delay operation. In addition, 
supply chain disruptions due to geopolitical developments in Europe may lead to power disruptions in regions where our 
facilities are located. Despite precautions taken at these facilities, such as disaster recovery and business continuity 
arrangements, the occurrence of any of the foregoing events or risks, or a natural disaster or public health emergency, an act of 
terrorism, a decision to close the facilities without adequate notice or other unanticipated problems or operational failures at 
these facilities could result in lengthy service interruptions, and no assurance can be provided that any such interruptions would 
be remediated without significant cost or in a timely manner or at all.
The hardware, software, data and cloud computing platforms that we rely on, including, for example, the large language 
models leveraged in our AI offerings, may not continue to be available at reasonable prices, on commercially reasonable terms 
or at all. Any loss of the right to use any of these hardware, software, data or cloud computing platforms could significantly 
increase our expenses and disrupt or otherwise result in delays in the provisioning of our services until equivalent technology is 
either developed by us, or, if available, is identified, obtained through purchase or license and integrated into our services, and 
no assurance can be provided that such equivalent technology would be developed or obtained in a timely manner or at all.
As we scale our operations, the amount and type of information transferred on our offerings continues to evolve, including 
as a result of the deployment of AI technologies, and our infrastructure capacity requirements, including network capacity and 
computing power, may increase as a result. If we do not accurately plan for our infrastructure capacity requirements and we 
experience significant strains on our data center capacity, our customers could experience performance degradation or service 
outages that may subject us to financial liabilities, result in customer losses and harm our reputation and business. As we add 
data centers and capacity and continue to move to cloud computing platform providers, we move or transfer our data and our 
customers’ data from time to time. Despite precautions taken during this process, any unsuccessful data transfers may impair 
the delivery of our services, which may damage our business.
As we acquire companies or technologies, we may not realize the expected business or financial benefits and the 
acquisitions could prove difficult to integrate, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect our 
operating results and the market value of our common stock.
As part of our business strategy, we periodically acquire complementary businesses, joint ventures, services and 
technologies and intellectual property rights. We continue to evaluate such opportunities and expect to make such acquisitions 
in the future. 
Acquisitions and other transactions and arrangements involve numerous risks and could create unforeseen operating 
difficulties and expenditures, including:
14

• difficulty of transitioning the acquired technology onto our existing platforms and customer acceptance of multiple
platforms on a temporary or permanent basis;
• brand or reputational harm associated with our acquired companies;
• challenges converting the acquired company’s revenue recognition policies and forecasting the related revenues,
including both consumption- and subscription-based revenues and term software license revenue, as well as
appropriate allocation of the customer consideration to the individual deliverables;
• challenges entering into new markets in which we have little or no experience or where competitors may have stronger
market positions;
• currency and regulatory risks associated with foreign countries and potential additional cybersecurity and compliance
risks resulting from entry into new markets;
• operational and financial difficulties and strains on resources in integrating acquired operations, technologies, services,
platforms and personnel;
• regulatory challenges from antitrust or other regulatory authorities that may block, delay or impose conditions (such as
divestitures, ownership or operational restrictions or other structural or behavioral remedies) on the completion of
transactions or the integration of acquired operations;
• failure to fully assimilate, integrate or retrain acquired employees, which may lead to retention risk with respect to
both key acquired employees and our existing key employees or disruption to existing teams or our workplace culture;
• challenges with maintaining the acquired company’s customers, partners and third-party service providers;
• known and potential unknown liabilities associated with the acquired businesses, including due to litigation;
• difficulties in managing, or potential write-offs of, acquired assets, and potential financial and credit risks associated
with acquired customers;
• negative impact to our results of operations because of the depreciation and amortization of acquired intangible assets,
fixed assets and operating lease right-of-use assets;
• difficulties in and financial costs of addressing acquired compensation structures inconsistent with our compensation
structure;
• additional stock-based compensation issued or assumed in connection with the acquisition, including the impact on
stockholder dilution and our results of operations;
• ineffective or inadequate controls, procedures and policies at the acquired company; and
• the tax effects related to integration and business operation changes, realizability of our deferred tax assets, and
uncertain tax liabilities.
Any of these risks could harm our business or negatively impact our results of operations. In addition, to facilitate 
acquisitions, we may seek additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all, 
which may affect our ability to complete subsequent acquisitions, and which may affect the risks of owning our common stock. 
For example, if we finance acquisitions by issuing equity or convertible or other debt securities or loans, our existing 
stockholders may be diluted, or we could face constraints related to the terms of, and repayment obligation related to, the 
incurrence of indebtedness that could affect the market price of our common stock.
Our ability to acquire other businesses or technologies, or integrate acquired businesses effectively, may be impaired by 
trade tensions and increased global scrutiny of foreign investments and acquisitions in the technology sector. For example, 
several countries, including the United States and countries in Europe and the Asia-Pacific region, are considering or have 
adopted restrictions of varying kinds on transactions involving foreign investments and acquisitions. Antitrust authorities in a 
number of countries have also reviewed acquisitions in the technology industry with increased scrutiny. Governments may 
continue to adopt or tighten restrictions of this nature, some of which may apply to acquisitions or integrations of businesses by 
us, and such restrictions or government actions could negatively impact our business and financial results.
Supporting our existing and growing customer base could strain our personnel resources and infrastructure, and if we 
are unable to scale our operations and increase productivity, we may not be able to successfully implement our business 
plan.
We continue to experience significant growth in our customer base, including through acquisitions, which has placed a 
strain on and in the future may strain our management, administrative, operational and financial infrastructure. We anticipate 
that significant additional investments, including in human capital software, as well as leveraging agentic AI and other 
technologies, will be required to scale our operations and increase productivity, to address the needs of our customers, to further 
develop and enhance our services, to expand into new geographic areas and to scale with our overall growth. These investments 
will increase our cost base, making it more difficult for us to offset any future revenue shortfalls by reducing expenses in the 
15

• regional economic and political conditions, natural disasters, acts of war, terrorism and actual or threatened public
health emergencies;
• localization of our services, including translation into foreign languages and associated expenses;
• regulatory frameworks or business practices favoring local competitors;
short term. We may not be able to make these investments as quickly or effectively as necessary to successfully scale our 
operations.
We regularly upgrade or replace our various software systems and processes. If the implementations of these new 
applications are delayed, or if we encounter unforeseen problems with our new systems and processes or in migrating away 
from our existing systems and processes, our operations and our ability to manage our business could be negatively impacted. 
Our success will depend in part upon the ability of our senior management to plan and manage our projected growth 
effectively. To do so, we must continue to increase the productivity of our existing employees and to hire, train and manage 
new employees as needed. Additionally, changes in our work environment and workforce may not meet the needs and 
expectations of our workforce or may create operational and workplace culture challenges, which could negatively impact our 
ability to increase employee productivity or attract and retain our employees and could adversely affect our operations. To 
manage the expected domestic and international growth of our operations and personnel, we will need to continue to improve 
our operational, financial and management controls, our reporting systems and procedures and our utilization of real estate. If 
we fail to successfully scale our operations and increase productivity, we may be unable to execute our business plan and the 
value of our common stock could decline.
If our customers do not renew their subscriptions for our services or if they reduce the number of paying subscriptions 
at the time of renewal, our revenue and current remaining performance obligation could decline and our business may 
suffer. If customer usage of certain consumption-based offerings is below expected levels, our revenue could decline. If we 
cannot accurately predict subscription renewals or upgrade rates or optimal pricing for consumption-based contracts, we 
may not meet our revenue targets, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions for our services after the expiration of their contractual 
subscription period, which is typically 12 to 36 months, and in the normal course of business, some customers have elected not 
to renew. In addition, our customers may renew for fewer subscriptions, renew for shorter contract lengths or switch to lower 
cost offerings of our services, particularly in times of general economic uncertainty. It is difficult to predict attrition rates given 
our varied customer base and the number of multi-year subscription contracts. Our attrition rates may increase or fluctuate as a 
result of various factors, including customer dissatisfaction with our services, customers’ spending levels, mix of customer 
base, decreases in the number of users at our customers, competition, pricing increases or changes, such as the increased 
prevalence of consumption-based pricing models and economic downturns. 
Our future success also depends in part on our ability to sell additional features and services, more subscriptions or 
enhanced editions of our services to our current customers. This may also require increasingly sophisticated and costly sales 
efforts that are targeted at senior management. Similarly, the rate at which our customers purchase new or enhanced services 
depends on a number of factors, including general economic conditions and customer receptiveness to any price changes related 
to these additional features and services.
In addition, the markets and monetization strategies for certain offerings, including Agentforce and Data Cloud, remain 
relatively new and uncertain and as a result our expansion into such offerings, and related investments, may present additional 
risks and challenges. For example, we offer certain products, including Agentforce and Data Cloud, through a consumptionbased business model and may increase the number of products through which we do so. We have limited experience with 
determining optimal pricing for our consumption-based contracts. Additionally, due to customer flexibility in the timing of their 
consumption, we could have lower levels of customer consumption of our products than we expect which may result in 
suboptimal pricing for consumption-based contracts.
Periodic changes to our sales organization can be disruptive and may reduce our rate of growth.
We periodically change and make adjustments to our sales organization in response to market opportunities, competitive 
threats, management changes, product introductions or enhancements, acquisitions, sales performance, increases in sales 
headcount, cost levels and other internal and external considerations. Such sales organization changes have in some periods 
resulted in, and may in the future result in, a reduction of productivity, which could negatively impact our rate of growth in the 
current and future quarters and operating results, including revenue. In addition, any significant change to the way we structure 
our compensation of our sales organization may be disruptive and may affect our revenue growth. 
Sales to customers outside the United States expose us to risks inherent in international operations.
We sell our services throughout the world and are subject to risks and challenges associated with international business. 
We intend to seek to continue to expand our international sales efforts. The risks and challenges associated with sales to 
customers outside the United States or those that can affect international operations generally, include:
16

• pressure on the creditworthiness of sovereign nations, where we have customers and a balance of our cash, cash
equivalents and marketable securities;
• foreign currency fluctuations and controls, which may make our services more expensive for international customers
and could add volatility to or negatively impact our operating results;
• compliance with complex and evolving governmental laws and regulations, including employment, tax, anticorruption, import/export, customs, anti-boycott, sanctions and embargoes, antitrust, cybersecurity, sustainability and
industry-specific laws and regulations, including rules related to compliance by our third-party resellers;
• liquidity issues or political actions by sovereign nations, including nations with a controlled currency environment,
could result in decreased values of these balances or potential difficulties protecting our foreign assets or satisfying
local obligations;
• vetting and monitoring our third-party resellers in new and evolving markets to confirm they maintain standards
consistent with our brand and reputation;
• treatment of revenue from international sources, evolving domestic and international tax environments and changes to
tax codes, including being subject to and paying withholding taxes under foreign tax laws;
• uncertainty regarding the imposition of and changes in trade policies, including trade wars, tariffs or other trade
restrictions or the threat of such actions, or other geopolitical events, including the evolving relations between the
United States and China, the United States and Russia, and ongoing conflicts, such as the war in Ukraine and the
regional conflict in the Middle East;
• perceptions of regions or governments in the regions where we operate or plan to operate, resulting in negative
publicity or reputational harm;
• regional data privacy laws and other regulatory requirements that apply to outsourced service providers and to the
transmission of our customers’ data across international borders;
• different pricing environments;
• difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations;
• different or lesser protection of our intellectual property, including increased risk of theft of our proprietary technology
and other intellectual property, and more prevalent cybersecurity risks, particularly in jurisdictions in which we have
historically chosen not to operate; and
• longer accounts receivable payment cycles and other collection difficulties.
Any of these factors could negatively impact our business and results of operations. The above factors may also
negatively impact our ability to successfully expand into emerging market countries, where we have little or no operating 
experience, where it can be costly and challenging to establish and maintain operations, including hiring and managing required 
personnel, and difficult to promote our brand, and where we may not benefit from any first-to-market advantage or otherwise 
succeed.
As more of our sales efforts are targeted at larger enterprise customers, our sales cycle may become more timeconsuming and expensive, we may encounter pricing pressure and implementation and configuration challenges, and we 
may have to delay revenue recognition for some complex transactions, all of which could harm our business and operating 
results.
As we target more of our sales efforts at larger enterprise customers, including governmental entities, and specific 
industries, such as financial services and healthcare and life sciences, we may face greater costs, longer sales cycles, greater 
competition and less predictability in completing some of our sales. In these market segments, the customer’s decision to use 
our services is often an enterprise-wide decision and, if so, may require us to provide greater levels of education regarding the 
use and benefits of our services, as well as addressing concerns regarding privacy and data protection laws and regulations of 
prospective customers with international operations or whose own customers operate internationally.
In addition, larger customers and governmental entities often demand more configuration, integration services and 
features. As a result of these factors, these sales opportunities often require us to devote greater sales support and professional 
services resources to individual customers, driving up costs and time required to complete sales and diverting our own sales and 
professional services resources to a smaller number of larger transactions, while potentially requiring us to delay revenue 
recognition on some of these transactions until the technical or implementation requirements have been met.
Pricing and packaging strategies for enterprise and other customers for our existing and future service offerings, including 
for our AI offerings such as Agentforce, may not be widely accepted by new or existing customers. We offer certain products, 
such as Agentforce and Data Cloud, through a consumption-based pricing model, and we have limited experience with 
determining the optimal pricing for our consumption-based contracts. Due to customer flexibility in the timing of their 
consumption, we could have lower levels of customer consumption of our products than we expect may result in suboptimal 
17

pricing for consumption-based contracts. Our adoption of or failure to adopt, as well as the manner and time of, changes to our 
pricing and packaging models and strategies may harm our business.
We may lose key members of our management team or development and operations personnel, and may be unable to 
attract and retain employees we need to support our operations and growth.
Our success depends substantially upon the continued services of our executive officers and other key members of 
management, particularly our chief executive officer. We are also substantially dependent on the continued service of our 
existing development and operations personnel because of the complexity of our services and technologies. Our executive 
officers, key management, development or operations personnel could terminate their employment with us at any time. 
Effective succession planning for management is important to our long-term success, and changes in our management team 
resulting from the hiring, departure or realignment of executives may be disruptive to our business. If we do not develop 
adequate succession planning for our key personnel, the loss of one or more of our key employees or groups of employees 
could seriously harm our business. 
The technology industry is subject to substantial and continuous competition for engineers with high levels of experience 
in designing, developing and managing software and technology services, as well as competition for sales executives, data 
scientists and operations personnel. We have experienced challenges with significant competition in talent recruitment and 
retention, and may not in the future be successful in recruiting or retaining such talent. We have experienced and expect to 
continue to experience difficulty in hiring, developing, integrating and retaining highly skilled employees with appropriate 
qualifications. These difficulties may be amplified by evolving restrictions on immigration, travel, or availability of visas for 
skilled technology workers. Additionally, our compensation arrangements and benefits may not always be successful in 
attracting new employees or retaining and motivating our existing personnel. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain 
and motivate our current personnel, our business and future growth prospects could be severely harmed. 
In January 2023, we announced a restructuring plan intended to reduce operating costs, improve operating margins and 
continue advancing our ongoing commitment to profitable growth, which included a reduction of our workforce and office 
space reductions within certain markets. The workforce reduction was substantially completed by the end of fiscal 2024, and 
real estate actions are expected to be completed by the end of fiscal 2026. Additionally, throughout fiscal 2025 we initiated 
further targeted workforce and office space reductions. These restructuring actions, or any similar actions taken in the future, 
could negatively impact our ability to attract, integrate, retain and motivate key employees.
In addition, we believe in the importance of our corporate culture, which fosters dialogue, collaboration, recognition, 
equality and a sense of family. As our organization has grown and expanded globally, and as our workplace plans have 
developed, including workforce and office space reductions related to our restructuring actions, we have experienced and may 
continue to experience difficulties maintaining our corporate culture globally, including managing the complexities of 
communicating with all employees. Any inability to maintain our corporate culture could negatively impact our ability to attract 
and retain employees, harm our reputation with customers or negatively impact our future growth.
Any failure in the delivery of high-quality professional and technical support services related to our online applications 
may adversely affect our relationships with our customers and our financial results.
Our customers sometimes require highly skilled and trained service professionals to successfully implement our 
applications and depend on our support organization to resolve technical issues relating to our applications. Implementation 
services may be performed by us, our customers, a third party, or a combination thereof. Our strategy is to work with third 
parties to increase the breadth of capability and depth of capacity for delivery of these services to our customers. If customers 
are not satisfied with the quality and timing of work by us or a third party or with the type of services or solutions delivered, we 
could incur additional costs to address the situation, the profitability of that work might be impaired, our revenue recognition 
could be impacted and the customer’s dissatisfaction with the services received could negatively impact our ability to sell our 
other offerings to that customer or retain existing customers. In addition, negative publicity related to our customer 
relationships, regardless of its accuracy, may further damage our business by affecting our ability to compete for new business 
with current or prospective customers. We may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in 
customer demand for support services across our varying and diverse offerings. In addition, our sales process is highly 
dependent on our applications and business reputation and on positive recommendations from our existing customers. Any 
failure or perceived failure to maintain high-quality professional and technical support services could adversely affect our 
reputation, our ability to sell our service offerings to existing and prospective customers, and our business, operating results and 
financial position. 
Strategic and Industry Risks
The markets in which we participate are intensely competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our operating 
results could be harmed.
18

Our current competitors include:
• vendors of packaged business software, as well as companies offering enterprise applications delivered through onpremises offerings from enterprise software application vendors and cloud computing application service providers,
either individually or with others;
• software companies that provide their product or service free of charge as a single product or when bundled with other
offerings, or only charge a premium for advanced features and functionality, as well as companies that offer solutions
that are sold without a direct sales organization;
• vendors who offer software tailored to specific services, industries or market segments, as opposed to our full suite of
service offerings, including suppliers of traditional business intelligence and data preparation products, integration
software vendors, marketing vendors, e-commerce solutions vendors or AI software and service vendors;
• productivity tool and email providers, unified communications providers and consumer application companies that have
entered the business software market; and
• traditional platform development environment companies and cloud computing development platform companies who
may develop toolsets and products that allow customers to build new applications, including AI-augmented applications,
that run on the customers’ current infrastructure or as hosted services, as well as would-be customers who may develop
enterprise applications for internal use.
In addition, we may face more competition as we expand our product offerings. Some of our current and potential
competitors may have competitive advantages, such as greater name recognition, longer operating histories, more significant 
installed bases, broader geographic scope, broader suites of service offerings and larger marketing budgets, as well as 
substantially greater financial, technical, personnel and other resources. In addition, many of our current and potential 
competitors have established marketing relationships and access to larger customer bases, and have major distribution 
agreements with consultants, system integrators and resellers. We also experience competition from smaller, younger 
competitors that may be more agile in responding to customers’ demands and offer more targeted and simplified solutions. Our 
competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, 
standards or customer requirements, or provide competitive pricing, more flexible contracts or faster implementations. 
Additionally, as we continue to increase building AI into many of our offerings, we face more competition as AI technologies 
are increasingly integrated into the markets in which we compete. New AI offerings may disrupt workforce needs and 
negatively impact demand for our offerings, or our competitors may be able to incorporate AI into their offerings more 
efficiently or successfully than we are able to and achieve greater and faster adoption. Even if our services are more effective 
than the products and services that our competitors offer, potential customers might select competitive products and services in 
lieu of purchasing our services. For all of these reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully against our competitors, 
which could negatively impact our future sales and harm our business.
Our efforts to expand our service offerings and to develop and integrate our existing services in order to keep pace with 
technological developments may not succeed and may reduce our revenue growth rate and harm our business.
Our efforts to expand our current service offerings may not succeed and may reduce our revenue growth rate. In addition, 
the markets and monetization strategies for certain offerings, including Agentforce and Data Cloud, remain relatively new and 
uncertain and as a result our expansion into such offerings, and related investments, may present additional risks and 
challenges. For example, we offer certain products, including Agentforce and Data Cloud, through a consumption-based 
business model and may increase the number of products through which we do so. We have limited experience with 
determining optimal pricing for our consumption-based contracts. Additionally, due to customer flexibility in the timing of their 
consumption, we could have lower levels of customer consumption of our products than we expect which may result in 
suboptimal pricing for consumption-based contracts. Further, the introduction of future platform changes and upgrades may not 
result in long term revenue growth. 
If we are unable to develop enhancements to, and new features for, our existing or new services that keep pace with rapid 
technological developments, our business could be harmed. The success of enhancements, new features and services depends 
on several factors, including its timely completion, introduction and market acceptance, as well as our ability to integrate all of 
our product and service offerings and develop adequate selling capabilities in new markets. Failure in this regard may 
significantly impair our revenue growth as well as negatively impact our operating results if the additional costs are not offset 
by additional revenues. In addition, because our services are designed to operate over various network technologies and on a 
The market for enterprise applications and platform services is highly competitive, rapidly evolving, fragmented and 
subject to changing technology, low barriers to entry, shifting customer needs and frequent introductions of new products and 
services. Many prospective customers have invested substantial personnel and financial resources to implement and integrate 
their current enterprise software into their businesses and therefore may be reluctant or unwilling to migrate away from their 
current solution to a different enterprise software service. Additionally, third-party developers may be reluctant to build 
application services on our platform since they have invested in other competing technology platforms.
19

variety of mobile devices, operating systems and computer hardware and software platforms, we need to continuously modify 
and enhance our services to keep pace with changes in these technologies, as well as continue to maintain and support our 
services on legacy systems. We may not be successful in either developing these modifications and enhancements or in 
bringing them to market timely.
Additionally, if we fail to timely anticipate or identify significant technology trends and developments, or if we do not 
devote appropriate resources to adapting to such trends and developments, our business could be harmed. Uncertainties about 
the timing and nature of new network platforms or technologies, modifications to existing platforms or technologies, including 
text messaging capabilities, or changes in customer usage patterns thereof could increase our research and development or 
service delivery expenses or lead to our increased reliance on certain vendors. Any failure of our services to operate effectively 
with future network platforms and technologies could reduce the demand for our services, result in customer dissatisfaction and 
harm our business. 
Our continued success depends on our ability to maintain and enhance our brands.
We believe that the brand identities we have developed, including associations with trust, customer success, innovation, 
equality and sustainability have significantly contributed to the success of our business. Maintaining and enhancing the 
Salesforce brand and our other brands is critical to expanding our base of customers, partners and employees. Our brand 
strength, particularly for our core services, depends largely on our ability to remain a technology leader and to continue to 
provide high-quality innovative products, services and features in a secure, reliable manner that enhances our customers’ 
success even as we scale and expand our services. In order to maintain and enhance the strength of our brands, we have made 
and may in the future make substantial investments to expand or improve our product offerings and services, or we may enter 
new markets that may be accompanied by initial complications or ultimately prove to be unsuccessful. 
In addition, we have secured the naming rights to facilities controlled by third parties, such as office towers and a transit 
center, and any negative events or publicity arising in connection with these facilities could adversely impact our brand.
Further, entry into markets with weaker protection of brands or changes in the legal systems in countries we operate may 
impact our ability to protect our brands. If we fail to maintain, enhance or protect our brands, or if we incur excessive expenses 
in our efforts to do so, our business, operating results and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. 
We are subject to risks associated with our strategic investments, including partial or complete loss of invested capital. 
Significant changes in the fair value of this portfolio could negatively impact our financial results. 
We manage a portfolio of strategic investments in both privately held and publicly traded companies focused primarily on 
enterprise cloud companies, technology startups and system integrators. While we invest in companies that we believe are 
digitally transforming their industries, advancing responsible generative AI, improving customer experiences, helping us 
expand our solution ecosystem or supporting other corporate initiatives, we may still experience unforeseen brand or 
reputational harm associated with our investments. Our investments range from early to late stage companies, including 
investments made concurrent with a company’s initial public offering. Investments in early stage companies are inherently 
speculative, as these companies may not yet be revenue-generating and could still be in the process of developing their products 
and services at the time of our investment. The financial success of our investment in any company is typically dependent on a 
liquidity event, such as a public offering, acquisition or other favorable market event reflecting appreciation to the cost of our 
initial investment. Our investments may face challenges from regulatory authorities, including antitrust authorities, potentially 
resulting in unexpected costs, delays, or unfavorable conditions imposed on transactions involving our investment portfolio. In 
certain cases, our ability to sell these investments may be impacted by contractual obligations to hold the securities for a set 
period of time after a public offering. All of our investments are subject to a risk of partial or total loss of invested capital.
We are exposed to volatility in our operating results due to changes in market prices, observable price changes and 
impairments of our strategic investments. The measurement of our non-marketable equity and debt securities at fair value is 
inherently subjective and requires management judgment and estimation. The resulting gains or losses could be material 
depending on market conditions and events, particularly in periods with economic uncertainty, inflation, geopolitical conflict, 
volatile public equity markets or unsettled global market conditions.
If third-party developers and providers do not continue to embrace our technology delivery model and enterprise cloud 
computing services, or if our customers seek warranties from us for third-party applications, integrations, data and content, 
our business could be harmed.
Our success depends on the willingness of a growing community of third-party developers and technology providers to 
build applications and provide integrations, data and content that are complementary to our services. Without the continued 
development of these applications and provision of such integrations, data and content, both current and potential customers 
may not find our services sufficiently attractive, which could impact future sales. In addition, for those customers who authorize 
a third-party technology partner to access their data, we do not provide any warranty related to the functionality, security or 
integrity of the data access, transmission or processing. Despite contract provisions to protect us, customers may look to us to 
20

support and provide warranties for the third-party applications, integrations, data and content, even though not developed or 
sold by us, which may expose us to potential claims, liabilities and obligations, all of which could harm our reputation and our 
business.
Social and ethical issues, including the use or capabilities of AI in our offerings, may result in reputational harm and 
liability.
Policies we adopt or choose not to adopt on social and ethical issues, especially regarding the use of our products, may be 
unpopular with some of our employees or with our customers or potential customers, and have in the past impacted and may in 
the future impact our ability to attract or retain employees and customers. Our decisions about whether to conduct business with 
potential customers, or whether to continue or expand business with existing customers, may also impact our ability to attract or 
retain employees and customers, and could result in negative publicity or reputational harm. Further, actions taken by our 
customers and employees, including through the use or misuse of our products or new technologies for illegal activities or 
improper information sharing, may result in reputational harm or possible liability, particularly in light of regulatory 
requirements like the Digital Services Act (“DSA” from the EU. For example, we have been subject to allegations in legal 
proceedings that we should be liable for the use of certain of our products by third parties. Although we believe that we have a 
strong defense against these allegations, legal proceedings can be lengthy, expensive and disruptive to our operations and the 
outcome of any claims or litigation, regardless of the merits, is inherently uncertain. Regardless of outcome, these types of 
claims could cause reputational harm to our brand or result in liability. 
We are increasingly building AI into many of our offerings, including generative and agentic AI. As with many 
innovations, AI offerings, such as Agentforce, and our Salesforce Platform present additional risks and challenges that could 
affect their adoption and therefore our business. For example, the development of our AI offerings and the Salesforce Platform, 
which provides information regarding our customers’ customers, present emerging ethical issues. If we enable or offer solutions 
that draw controversy due to their perceived or actual impact on human rights, privacy, employment, or in other social contexts, 
we may experience new or enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, brand or reputational harm, competitive harm or 
legal liability, especially as geopolitical turmoil creates increasingly volatile political and market conditions. Inadequate or 
ineffective AI development, deployment, content labeling or governance by us or others that result in controversy could also 
impair the acceptance of AI solutions or result in unintended performance of the services. This in turn could undermine 
confidence in the decisions, predictions, analysis or other content that our AI applications produce, subjecting us to competitive 
harm, legal liability and brand or reputational harm. The rapid evolution of AI will require the application of resources to 
develop, test and maintain our products and services to help ensure that AI is implemented ethically in order to minimize 
unintended, harmful impact. Uncertainty around new and emerging AI applications such as generative AI content creation and 
AI agents will require additional investment in compliance, governance and the licensing or development of proprietary 
datasets, machine learning models and systems to test for accuracy, bias and other variables, which are often complex, may be 
costly and could impact our profit margin. Moreover, the move from AI content classification to AI content generation through 
our development of Agentforce and other generative AI products brings additional risks and responsibility. Known risks of 
generative AI currently include risks related to accuracy, bias, toxicity, privacy and security and data provenance. For example, 
AI technologies, including generative AI, may create content that appears correct but is factually inaccurate or flawed, or 
contains copyrighted or other protected material, and if our customers or others use this flawed or protected content to their 
detriment, or the owners of such copyrighted material seek to enforce their rights, we may be exposed to brand or reputational 
harm, competitive harm and/or legal liability. Developing, testing and deploying AI systems may also increase the cost profile 
of our offerings due to the nature of the computing costs involved in such systems. If we are unable to mitigate these risks, or if 
we incur excessive expenses in our efforts to do so, our reputation, business, operating results and financial condition may be 
harmed. 
The evolving landscape related to ESG matters may expose us to risks that could adversely affect our reputation and 
performance.
Equality and sustainability are core values of the Company. In furtherance of these values, we have in the past and may in 
the future establish and disclose quantitative and qualitative statements related to ESG matters, which are aspirational and 
subject to numerous risks and dependencies. The proliferation of regulations addressing climate, human capital and other ESG 
topics at the regional, state, national and international levels has required and may continue to require significant effort and 
resources, and our practices, processes and controls may not ensure compliance with evolving standards. Further, various 
regulations may conflict with each other, making universal compliance challenging as a multinational company, and our status 
as a government contractor in various jurisdictions, including but not limited to the U.S. where we are headquartered, may also 
result in greater exposure or differentiated obligations or requirements with which we would seek to comply. The standards and 
frameworks for tracking and reporting on ESG matters continue to evolve, and our use, interpretation or application of such 
frameworks and standards may change from time to time or differ from those of other companies, which may result in a lack of 
consistent or meaningful comparative data from period to period or between Salesforce and other companies. In addition, our 
ESG practices and disclosures may not satisfy, appropriately respond to the concerns of or be supported by all investors, 
customers, partners, regulators, enforcement authorities or other stakeholders (including those in support of and those in 
21

opposition to various ESG practices, whose expectations and requirements are evolving and varied. Any violation of, noncompliance with or failure to meet such expectations or requirements, or negative publicity related to our ESG practices or 
disclosures, could result in harm to our reputation, our ability to attract or retain employees, and our attractiveness as an 
investment, business partner, acquiror or service provider, could expose us to increased scrutiny or criticism or to regulatory or 
enforcement actions or litigation, and could cause us to incur increased costs to address or defend against such actions. 
Legal and Regulatory Risks
Privacy concerns and laws as well as evolving regulation of cloud computing, AI services, cross-border data transfer 
restrictions and other domestic or foreign regulations may limit the use and adoption of our services and adversely affect 
our business.
Regulation related to the provision of services over the Internet is evolving, as federal, state and foreign governments 
continue to adopt new, or modify existing, laws and regulations addressing data privacy, cybersecurity, data protection, data 
sovereignty and the collection, processing, storage, hosting, transfer and use of data, generally. In some cases, data privacy laws 
and regulations, such as the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”, impose obligations directly on us as both a 
data controller and a data processor, as well as on many of our customers. In addition, domestic data privacy laws, such as the 
California Consumer Privacy Act as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (“CCPA”, and laws that have recently 
passed and/or gone into effect in many other states similarly impose new obligations on us and many of our customers, 
potentially as both a covered business and service provider. These laws continue to evolve, including, for example, India’s 
Digital Personal Data Protection Act 2023, and as various jurisdictions introduce similar proposals, which often include 
subsequent rules and regulation, we and our customers become subject to additional regulatory burdens. New EU laws, 
including the DSA, the Data Act and the AI Act, may impose additional rules and restrictions on the use of our products and 
services. 
In addition, various safe harbors have historically been provided to those who hosted content provided by others, such as 
safe harbors from monetary damages for copyright infringement arising from copyrighted content provided by customers and 
others and for defamation and other torts arising from information provided by customers and others. There is an increasing 
demand for repealing or limiting these safe harbors by either judicial decision or legislation, and we have active legal 
proceedings that have been impacted by the repeal or limiting of safe harbors that were previously available to us. Loss of these 
safe harbors may require altering or limiting some of our services or may require additional contractual terms to avoid liabilities 
for our customers’ misconduct.
Although we monitor the regulatory, judicial and legislative environment and have invested in addressing these 
developments, these laws may require us to make additional changes to our practices and services to enable us or our customers 
to meet the new legal requirements, and may also increase our potential liability exposure through new or higher potential 
penalties for noncompliance, including as a result of penalties, fines and lawsuits related to data breaches. Furthermore, privacy 
laws and regulations are subject to differing interpretations and may be inconsistent among jurisdictions. These and other 
requirements are causing increased scrutiny among customers, particularly in the public sector and highly regulated industries, 
and may be perceived differently from customer to customer. These developments could reduce demand for our services, 
require us to take on more onerous obligations in our contracts, restrict our ability to store, transfer and process data or, in some 
cases, impact our ability or our customers’ ability to offer our services in certain locations, to deploy our solutions, to reach 
current and prospective customers, or to derive insights from customer data globally. For example, in July 2020, the Court of 
Justice of the European Union (“CJEU” invalidated the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, one of the mechanisms that 
allowed companies, including us, to transfer personal data from the European Economic Area (“EEA” to the United States. 
Even though the CJEU decision upheld the Standard Contractual Clauses (“SCCs” as an adequate transfer mechanism, the 
decision created uncertainty around the validity of all EU-to-U.S. data transfers. While the EU and U.S. governments have 
since adopted the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework to foster EU-to-U.S. data transfers and address the concerns raised in the 
aforementioned CJEU decision, it is uncertain whether this framework will be overturned in court like the previous two EUU.S. bilateral cross-border transfer frameworks. As a result, regulators may continue to be inclined to interpret the CJEU’s 
decision, and the logic behind it, as significantly restricting certain cross-border transfers and the cost and complexity of 
providing our services in certain markets may increase. Certain countries outside of the EEA have also passed or are 
considering passing laws requiring varying degrees of local data residency. By way of further example, statutory damages 
available through a private right of action for certain data breaches under the CCPA, may increase our and our customers’ 
potential liability and the demands our customers place on us.
The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, privacy laws, regulations and standards may limit the use 
and adoption of our services, reduce overall demand for our services, make it more difficult to meet expectations from our 
commitments to customers and our customers’ customers, lead to significant fines, penalties or liabilities for noncompliance, 
impact our reputation, or slow the pace at which we close sales transactions, in particular where customers request specific 
warranties and unlimited indemnity for noncompliance with privacy laws, any of which could harm our business.
22

In addition to government activity, privacy advocates and other industry groups have established or may establish new 
self-regulatory standards that may place additional burdens on our ability to provide our services globally. Our customers 
expect us to meet voluntary certification and other standards established by third parties. If we are unable to maintain these 
certifications or meet these standards, it could adversely affect our ability to provide our solutions to certain customers and 
could harm our business. In addition, we have seen a trend toward the private enforcement of data protection obligations, 
including through private actions for alleged noncompliance, which could harm our business and negatively impact our 
reputation. For example, in 2020 we were made a party to a legal proceeding brought by a Dutch privacy advocacy group (the 
Privacy Collective on behalf of certain Dutch citizens that claims we violated the GDPR and Dutch Telecommunications Act 
through the processing and sharing of data in connection with our Audience Studio and Data Studio products. In December 
2021, the Amsterdam District Court declared the Privacy Collective’s claims against us inadmissible and dismissed the case, 
however, this ruling was appealed by the Privacy Collective. The appeal hearing took place in the Amsterdam Court of Appeal 
in February 2024 and the appellate court reversed the district court’s judgment. We have appealed that appellate decision to the 
Dutch Supreme Court. We were also named as a defendant in a similar lawsuit brought in the UK, which has subsequently been 
dismissed. Although we believe we have a strong defense for these claims, these or similar future claims could cause 
reputational harm to our brand or result in liability. In addition, a shift in consumers’ data privacy expectations or other social, 
economic or political developments could impact the regulatory enforcement of privacy regulations, which could require our 
cooperation and increase the cost of compliance with the imposed regulations. 
Furthermore, the uncertain and shifting regulatory environment and trust climate may raise concerns regarding data 
privacy and cybersecurity, which may cause our customers or our customers’ customers to resist providing the data necessary to 
allow our customers to use our services effectively. In addition, new products we develop or acquire in connection with 
changing events may expose us to liability or regulatory risk. Even the perception that the privacy and security of personal 
information are not satisfactorily protected or do not meet regulatory requirements could inhibit sales of our products or 
services and could limit adoption of our cloud-based solutions.
Industry-specific regulations and other requirements and standards are evolving and industry-specific laws, 
regulations, interpretive positions or standards could harm our business.
Our customers and potential customers conduct business in a variety of industries, including financial services, the public 
sector, healthcare and telecommunications. Regulators in certain industries have adopted and may in the future adopt 
regulations or interpretive positions regarding the use of cloud computing, AI services and other outsourced services. The costs 
of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, industry-specific laws, regulations and interpretive positions may limit our 
customers’ use and adoption of our services and reduce overall demand for our services. Compliance with these regulations 
may also require us to devote greater resources to support certain customers, which may increase costs and lengthen sales 
cycles. For example, some financial services regulators have imposed guidelines for use of cloud computing services that 
mandate specific controls or require financial services enterprises to obtain regulatory approval prior to outsourcing certain 
functions. If we are unable to comply with these guidelines or controls, or if our customers are unable to obtain regulatory 
approval to use our services where required, our business may be harmed. In addition, an inability to satisfy the standards of 
certain voluntary third-party certification bodies that our customers may expect, such as an attestation of compliance with the 
Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards, may have an adverse impact on our business and results. Any inability in the 
future to achieve or maintain industry-specific certifications or other requirements or standards relevant to our customers may 
harm our business and adversely affect our results.
Further, in some cases, industry-specific, regionally-specific or product-specific laws, regulations or interpretive positions 
may impact our ability, as well as the ability of our customers, partners and data providers, to collect, augment, analyze, use, 
transfer and share personal and other information that is integral to certain services we provide. The interpretation of many of 
these statutes, regulations and rulings is evolving in the courts and administrative agencies and an inability to comply may have 
an adverse impact on our business and results. This impact may be particularly acute in countries that have passed or are 
considering passing legislation that requires data to remain localized “in country,” as this may impose financial costs on 
companies required to store data in jurisdictions not of their choosing and to use nonstandard operational processes that add 
complexity and are difficult and costly to integrate with global processes. This is also true with respect to the global 
proliferation of laws regulating the financial services industry, including its use of cloud services. In Europe, the Digital 
Operational Resilience Act (“DORA”, which aims to ensure the resilience of the EU financial sectors, including through 
mandatory risk management, incident reporting, resilience testing and third-party outsourcing restrictions, went into effect in 
January 2025. The UK is advancing similar legislation and other countries may follow. 
Further, countries and states are applying their data and consumer protection laws to AI, and particularly generative AI, 
and/or are enacting or considering legal frameworks on AI, such as the Utah Artificial Intelligence Policy Act, the Colorado 
Artificial Intelligence Act and the draft CCPA regulations on automated decision-making technology. Any failure or perceived 
failure by us to comply with such requirements could have an adverse impact on our business.
23

There are various statutes, regulations and rulings relevant to direct email marketing and text-messaging, including the 
Telephone Consumer Protection Act (“TCPA” and related Federal Communication Commission orders, which impose 
significant restrictions on the ability to utilize telephone calls and text messages to mobile telephone numbers as a means of 
communication, when the prior consent of the person being contacted has not been obtained. We have been, and may in the 
future be, subject to one or more class-action lawsuits, as well as individual lawsuits, containing allegations that one of our 
businesses or customers violated the TCPA. A determination that we or our customers violated the TCPA or other 
communications-based statutes could expose us to significant damage awards that could, individually or in the aggregate, 
materially harm our business. In addition, many jurisdictions across the world are currently considering, or have already begun 
implementing, changes to antitrust and competition laws, regulations or interpretative positions to enhance competition in 
digital markets and address practices by certain digital platforms that they perceive to be anticompetitive. These regulatory 
efforts could result in laws, regulations or interpretative positions that may require us to change certain of our business 
practices, undertake new compliance obligations or otherwise may have an adverse impact on our business and results. 
We have been and may in the future be sued by third parties for various claims, including alleged infringement of 
proprietary rights.
We are involved in various legal matters arising from the normal course of business activities. These include claims, suits, 
government investigations and other proceedings involving alleged infringement of third-party patents and other intellectual 
property rights, as well as commercial, corporate and securities, labor and employment, class actions, wage and hour, antitrust, 
data privacy, cybersecurity and other matters.
The software and Internet industries are characterized by the existence of many patents, trademarks, trade secrets and 
copyrights and by frequent litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. We 
have received in the past and may receive in the future communications from third parties, including practicing entities and 
non-practicing entities, claiming that we have infringed their intellectual property rights. We have also been, and may in the 
future be, sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their claimed proprietary rights. Our technologies may be subject to 
injunction if they are found to infringe the rights of a third party or we may be required to pay damages, or both. Further, many 
of our subscription agreements require us to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims, 
which would increase the cost to us of an adverse ruling on such a claim.
In addition, we have in the past been, and may in the future be, sued by third parties who seek to target us for actions 
taken by our customers, including through the use or misuse of our products. For example, we have been subject to allegations 
in legal proceedings that we should be liable for the use of certain of our products by third parties. Although we believe we 
have a strong defense for these claims, such claims could cause reputational harm to our brand or result in liability. 
Our exposure to risks associated with various claims may be increased as a result of acquisitions of other companies. For 
example, we are subject to ongoing securities class action litigation and related stockholder derivative claims brought against 
Slack that remain outstanding, and as to which we may ultimately be subject to liability or settlement costs. Additionally, we 
may have a lower level of visibility into the development process with respect to intellectual property or the care taken to 
safeguard against infringement risks with respect to acquired companies or technologies. In addition, third parties have made 
claims in connection with our acquisitions and may do so in the future, and they may also make infringement and similar or 
related claims after we have acquired technology that had not been asserted prior to our acquisition.
The outcome of any claims or litigation, regardless of the merits, is inherently uncertain. Any claims or lawsuits, and the 
disposition of such claims and lawsuits, whether through settlement or licensing discussions, or litigation, could be timeconsuming and expensive to resolve, divert management attention from executing our business plan, result in efforts to enjoin 
our activities, lead to attempts on the part of other parties to pursue similar claims and, in the case of intellectual property 
claims, require us to change our technology, change our business practices, pay monetary damages or enter into short- or longterm royalty or licensing agreements.
Any adverse determination or settlement could prevent us from offering our services to others, could be material to our 
financial condition or cash flows, or both, or could otherwise adversely affect our operating results, including our operating 
cash flow in a particular period. In addition, depending on the nature and timing of any such dispute, an unfavorable resolution 
of a legal matter could materially affect our current or future results of operations or cash flows in a particular period.
Any failure to obtain registration or protection of our intellectual property rights could impair our ability to protect our 
proprietary technology and our brand, causing us to incur significant expenses and harm our business.
If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights adequately, our competitors may gain access to our technology, 
affecting our brand, causing us to incur significant expenses and harming our business. Any of our patents, trademarks or other 
intellectual property rights may be challenged by others or invalidated through administrative process or litigation. While we 
have many U.S. patents and pending U.S. and international patent applications, we may be unable to obtain patent protection 
for the technology covered in our patent applications or the patent protection may not be obtained quickly enough to meet our 
business needs. In addition, our existing patents and any patents issued in the future may not provide us with competitive 
24

advantages, or may be successfully challenged by third parties. Similar uncertainty applies to our U.S. and international 
trademark registrations and applications. Furthermore, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of 
protection of intellectual property rights are uncertain, and we also may face proposals to change the scope of protection for 
some intellectual property rights in the U.S. and elsewhere. Additionally, the intellectual property ownership and license rights, 
including copyright, surrounding AI technologies, which we are increasingly building into our product offerings, has not been 
fully addressed by U.S. courts or other federal or state laws or regulations, and the use or adoption of AI technologies in our 
products and services may expose us to copyright infringement or other intellectual property misappropriation claims related to 
AI training or output. Effective patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available to us in every 
country in which our services are available and legal changes and uncertainty in various countries’ intellectual property regimes 
may result in making conduct that we believe is lawful to be deemed violative of others’ rights. The laws of some foreign 
countries may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those in the U.S., and mechanisms for enforcement of 
intellectual property rights may be inadequate. Also, our involvement in standard-setting activity, our contribution to open 
source projects, various competition law regimes or the need to obtain licenses from others may require us to license our 
intellectual property in certain circumstances. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may be unable to prevent third parties from 
using our intellectual property.
We may be required to spend significant resources and expense to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights. We 
may initiate claims or litigation against third parties for infringement of our proprietary rights or to establish the validity of our 
proprietary rights. If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights, it could impact our ability to protect our technology and 
brand. Furthermore, any litigation, whether or not it is resolved in our favor, could result in significant expense to us, cause us 
to divert time and resources from our core business, and harm our business.
We may be subject to risks related to government contracts and related procurement regulations.
Contracting with federal, state, local and foreign governments or state-owned entities subjects us to various procurement 
regulations and other requirements relating to these contracts’ formation, administration and performance, and how we engage 
with government officials. We are from time to time subject to audits, inquiries and investigations relating to our government 
contracts, which may result in adverse perceptions of our business, reductions in utilization of our services or termination of our 
contracts without cause and at any time. Additionally, any violations could result in various civil and criminal penalties and 
administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, refunding or suspending of payments, forfeiture of profits, payment 
of fines and suspension or debarment from future government business, as well as reputational harm. Additionally, our 
contracting with certain government entities may result in negative publicity or reputational harm. Any of these risks related to 
contracting with governmental entities could adversely impact our future sales, costs of doing business and operating results.
We are subject to governmental sanctions and export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in 
international markets and may subject us to liability if we are not in full compliance with applicable laws. 
Our solutions are subject to trade control laws and regulations where we conduct our business activities, including the 
U.S. Commerce Department’s Export Administration Regulations, U.S. customs regulations, U.S. supply chain regulations and 
various economic and trade sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets 
Control. If we fail to comply with applicable trade control laws and regulations, we and certain of our employees could be 
subject to substantial civil or criminal penalties, including the possible loss of trade privileges; fines, which may be imposed on 
us and responsible employees or managers; and, in extreme cases, the incarceration of responsible employees or managers. 
Obtaining necessary authorizations, including any required licenses, may be time-consuming, requires expenditure of corporate 
resources, is not guaranteed, and may result in the delay or loss of sales opportunities or the ability to realize value from certain 
acquisitions or engagements. Acquisitions may also subject us to successor liability and other integration compliance risks. 
Furthermore, export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations may prohibit or limit the transfer of certain products 
and services to embargoed or sanctioned countries, governments and parties. We can provide no assurance that any of the 
precautions we take to prevent our solutions from being provisioned or provided to sanctions targets in violation of applicable 
regulations will be effective, and, accordingly, our solutions could be provisioned or provided to those targets, including by our 
resellers or other third parties, which could have negative consequences for our business, including government investigations, 
penalties and reputational harm. Changes in our solutions or trade control laws and regulations may create delays in the 
introduction, sale and deployment of our solutions in international markets or prevent the export or import of our solutions to 
certain countries, governments or persons altogether. Any decreased use of our solutions or limitation on our ability to export or 
sell our solutions may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Sanctions and export and 
import control regulations in the United States and other countries are subject to change and uncertainty, including as a result of 
rapidly evolving technology, increased government regulation of AI and cloud service solutions, and geopolitical developments 
such as events affecting relations between the United States and China, multi-jurisdictional sanctions on Russia, the war in 
Ukraine and regional conflict in the Middle East. Regulators in the United States and elsewhere have signaled an increased 
emphasis on sanctions and export control enforcement, including efforts to combat diversion of services to sanctioned countries 
and parties, several recent high-profile enforcement actions and increased pressure for companies to self-disclose potential 
violations.
25

Financial Risks
Because we generally recognize revenue from subscriptions for our services over the term of the subscription, 
downturns or upturns in new business may not be immediately reflected in our operating results.
We generally recognize revenue from customers ratably over the terms of their subscription and support agreements, 
which are typically 12 to 36 months. As a result, most of the revenue we report in each quarter is the result of subscription and 
support agreements entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed subscriptions in any one 
quarter may not be reflected in our revenue results for that quarter but will negatively impact our revenue in future quarters. 
Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales and market acceptance of our services, and changes in our attrition 
rate, may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. Our subscription model also makes it difficult 
for us to rapidly increase our revenue through additional sales in any period, as revenue from new customers must be 
recognized over the applicable subscription and support term.
If we experience significant fluctuations in our rate of anticipated growth and fail to balance our expenses with our 
revenue forecasts, our business could be harmed and the market price of our common stock could decline.
Due to the unpredictability of future general economic and financial market conditions, including from the global 
economic impact of ongoing conflicts, such as the war in Ukraine and the regional conflict in the Middle East; the pace of 
change and innovation in enterprise cloud computing services; the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 
uncertainty regarding changes in trade policy; changing interest rates and inflation; the growing complexity of our business, 
including the use of multiple pricing and packaging models and the increasing amount of revenue from term software license 
sales; and our increasing focus on enterprise cloud computing services, we may not be able to realize our projected revenue 
growth plans. We plan our expense and investment levels based on estimates of future revenue and future anticipated rate of 
growth. We may not be able to adjust our spending appropriately if the addition of new subscriptions or the renewals of existing 
subscriptions fall short of our expectations, and unanticipated events may cause us to incur expenses beyond what we 
anticipated. A portion of our expenses may also be fixed in nature for some minimum amount of time, such as with costs 
capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, data center and infrastructure service contracts or office leases, so it may not be possible 
to reduce costs in a timely manner, or at all, without the payment of fees to exit certain obligations early. Additionally, if sales 
through indirect channels or for consumption-based product offerings increase, this may lead to greater difficulty in forecasting 
revenue and anticipated rate of growth. As a result, our revenues, operating results and cash flows may fluctuate significantly 
on a quarterly basis and revenue growth rates may not be sustainable and may decline in the future. If we are not able to provide 
continued operating margin expansion, our business could be harmed and the market price of our common stock could decline.
Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate and additional tax liabilities and global tax developments may impact 
our financial results.
We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various other jurisdictions. Significant judgment is often required 
in the determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes. Our effective tax rate could be impacted by changes in our 
earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in operations, changes in non-deductible expenses, 
changes in the tax effects of stock-based compensation expense, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities 
and our ability to utilize them, the applicability of withholding taxes, effects from acquisitions and changes in accounting 
principles and tax laws. Any changes, ambiguity or uncertainty in taxing jurisdictions’ administrative interpretations, decisions, 
policies and positions could also materially impact our income tax liabilities. 
We may also be subject to additional tax liabilities and penalties due to changes in non-income based taxes resulting from 
changes in federal, state, local or international tax laws, changes in taxing jurisdictions’ administrative interpretations, 
decisions, policies and positions, results of tax examinations, settlements or judicial decisions, changes in accounting principles, 
or changes to our business operations, including as a result of acquisitions. Any resulting increase in our tax obligation or cash 
taxes paid could adversely affect our cash flows and financial results.
We are also subject to tax examinations or engaged in alternative resolutions in multiple jurisdictions. While we regularly 
evaluate new information that may change our judgment resulting in recognition, derecognition or changes in measurement of a 
tax position taken, there can be no assurance that the final determination of any examinations will not have an adverse effect on 
our operating results or financial position.
As our business continues to grow, increasing our brand recognition and profitability, we may be subject to increased 
scrutiny and corresponding tax disputes, which may impact our cash flows and financial results. Furthermore, our growing 
prominence may bring public attention to our tax profile, and if perceived negatively, may cause brand or reputational harm.
Global tax developments applicable to multinational businesses may have a material impact to our business, cash flows, or 
financial results. Such developments, for example, may include certain provisions introduced by certain Organization for 
Economic Co-operation and Development’s proposals including the implementation of the global minimum tax under the Pillar 
Two model rules, and the European Commission’s and certain major jurisdictions’ heightened interest in and taxation of 
26

• impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
general corporate or other purposes;
• cause us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations toward debt service obligations and
principal repayments; and
• make us more vulnerable to downturns in our business, our industry or the economy in general.
Our ability to meet our expenses and debt obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by
financial, business, economic, regulatory and other factors. We will not be able to control many of these factors, such as 
economic conditions and governmental regulations. Further, our operations may not generate sufficient cash to enable us to 
service our debt or contractual obligations resulting from our leases. If we fail to make a payment on our debt, we could be in 
default on such debt. If we are at any time unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to service our indebtedness 
when payment is due, we may be required to attempt to renegotiate the terms of the instruments relating to the indebtedness, 
seek to refinance all or a portion of the indebtedness or obtain additional financing. There can be no assurance that we would be 
able to successfully renegotiate such terms, that any such refinancing would be possible or that any additional financing could 
be obtained on terms that are favorable or acceptable to us. Any new or refinanced debt may be subject to substantially higher 
interest rates, which could adversely affect our financial condition and impact our business. 
In addition, adverse changes by any rating agency to our credit ratings may negatively impact our reputation, the value 
and liquidity of both our debt and equity securities, as well as the potential costs associated with a refinancing of our debt. 
Downgrades in our credit ratings could also affect the terms of any such refinancing or future financing or restrict our ability to 
obtain additional financing in the future.
The indentures governing our Senior Notes and the Revolving Loan Credit Agreement impose restrictions on us and 
require us to maintain compliance with specified covenants. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by 
events beyond our control. A failure to comply with the covenants and other provisions of our outstanding debt could result in 
companies participating in the digital economy. Furthermore, governments’ responses to macroeconomic factors and tax 
revenue needs may lead to tax rule changes that could materially and adversely affect our cash flows and financial results. 
We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates that have in the past and could in the future negatively 
impact our financial results and cash flows from changes in the value of the U.S. Dollar versus local currencies. 
We primarily conduct our business in the following regions: the Americas, Europe and Asia Pacific. The expanding global 
scope of our business exposes us to risk of fluctuations in foreign currency markets, including in emerging markets. This 
exposure is the result of selling in multiple currencies, growth in our international investments, additional headcount in foreign 
locations, and operating in countries where the functional currency is the local currency. Specifically, our results of operations 
and cash flows are subject to currency fluctuations primarily in Euro, British Pound Sterling, Japanese Yen, Canadian Dollar, 
Australian Dollar, Brazilian Real and Indian Rupee against the U.S. Dollar. These exposures may change over time as business 
practices evolve, economic and political conditions change and evolving tax regulations come into effect. The fluctuations of 
currencies in which we conduct business can both increase and decrease our overall revenue and expenses for any given fiscal 
period. Furthermore, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, combined with the seasonality of our business, could 
affect our ability to accurately predict our future results and earnings.
Additionally, global events as well as geopolitical developments, including the war in Ukraine and regional conflict in the 
Middle East, fluctuating commodity prices, uncertainty regarding changes in trade policy and inflation, have caused, and may in 
the future cause, global economic uncertainty and uncertainty about the interest rate environment, which has and could in the 
future amplify the volatility of currency fluctuations. Although we attempt to mitigate some of this volatility and related risks 
through foreign currency hedging, our hedging activities are limited in scope and may not effectively offset the adverse 
financial impacts that may result from unfavorable movements in foreign currency exchange rates, which could adversely 
impact our financial condition or results of operations.
Our debt service obligations, lease commitments and other contractual obligations may adversely affect our financial 
condition, results of operations and cash flows.
As of January 31, 2025, we had a substantial level of outstanding debt, including our Senior Notes. We are also party to 
the Revolving Loan Credit Agreement, which provides for our $5.0 billion Credit Facility. Although there were no outstanding 
borrowings under the Credit Facility as of January 31, 2025, we may use the proceeds of future borrowings under the Credit 
Facility for general corporate purposes.
In addition to the outstanding and potential debt obligations above, we have also recorded substantial liabilities associated 
with noncancellable future payments on our long-term lease agreements. We also have significant other contractual 
commitments, including leases that have not yet commenced and commitments with infrastructure service providers, which are 
not reflected on our consolidated balance sheets. 
Maintenance of our indebtedness and contractual commitments and any additional issuances of indebtedness could:
27

• general economic or geopolitical conditions, including the impacts of the war in Ukraine and the regional conflict in
the Middle East; financial market conditions; uncertainty regarding the imposition of and changes in trade policies,
including trade wars, tariffs or other trade restrictions or the threat of such actions; and increasing costs of operation;
• our ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers and satisfy our customers’
requirements, including large enterprise customers;
• the attrition rates for our services;
• the size and productivity of our workforce, as well as the cost to recruit and train new employees;
• the length of the sales cycle for our services;
• new product and service introductions by our competitors;
• changes in unearned revenue and remaining performance obligation;
• our ability to realize benefits from strategic partnerships, acquisitions or investments;
• our ability to execute and realize benefits from restructuring actions and other workforce reductions, or any similar
actions taken in the future;
• variations in the revenue mix of our services and growth rates of our subscription and support offerings;
• the seasonality of our sales cycle, as well as timing of contract execution and term software license sales;
• the lack of certainty regarding customer usage and associated costs for consumption-based product offerings;
• changes in and expenses associated with our pricing policies and terms of contracts;
• the seasonality of our customers’ businesses, especially our Commerce service offering customers;
• fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates;
• the amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures related to the operations and expansion of our
business;
• the timing of commission, bonus and other compensation payments to employees;
• the cost, timing and management effort required for the introduction of new features to our services;
• the costs associated with acquiring and integrating new businesses and technologies;
• expenses related to our real estate or changes in the nature or extent of our use of existing real estate, including our
office leases and our data center capacity and expansion;
• timing of additional investments in our enterprise cloud computing application and platform services and in our
consulting services;
• expenses related to significant, unusual or discrete events, which are recorded in the period in which the events occur,
including litigation or other dispute-related settlement payments;
events of default under such instruments, which could permit acceleration of all of our debt and borrowings. Any required 
repayment of our debt as a result of a fundamental change or other acceleration would lower our current cash on hand such that 
we would not have those funds available for use in our business.
Lease accounting guidance requires that we record a liability for operating lease activity on our consolidated balance 
sheet, which increases both our assets and liabilities and therefore may impact our ability to obtain the necessary financing from 
financial institutions at commercially viable rates or at all. Our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease. 
Periods beyond the noncancellable term of the lease are included in the measurement of the lease liability and associated asset 
only when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise the associated extension option or waive the termination option. We 
reassess the lease term if and when a significant event or change in circumstances occurs within our control. The potential 
impact of these options to extend could be material to our financial position and financial results.
Risks Related to Owning Our Common Stock
Our quarterly results are likely to fluctuate, which may cause the value of our common stock to decline substantially.
Our quarterly results are likely to fluctuate. Fluctuations have occurred due to known and unknown risks, such as the 
global economic impact of ongoing conflicts, including the war in Ukraine and the regional conflict in the Middle East, and 
uncertainty about the interest rate environment. In addition, our fiscal fourth quarter has historically been our strongest quarter 
for new business and renewals, and the year-over-year compounding effect of this seasonality in billing patterns and overall 
new business and renewal activity causes the value of invoices that we generate in the fourth quarter to continually increase in 
proportion to our billings in the other three quarters of our fiscal year. As a result, our fiscal first quarter has typically in the past 
been our largest collections and operating cash flow quarter.
Additionally, some of the important factors that may cause our revenues, operating results and cash flows to fluctuate 
from quarter to quarter include:
28

• income tax effects resulting from, but not limited to, tax law changes, court decisions on tax matters, global tax
developments applicable to multinational corporations, changes in operations or business structures and acquisition
activity;
• the timing of stock awards to employees and payroll and other withholding tax expenses;
• technical difficulties or service interruptions;
• changes in interest rates and our mix of investments, which impact the return on our investments in cash and
marketable securities;
• changes in the fair value of our strategic investments, including changes due to impairments, particularly in periods of
significant market fluctuations;
• equity or debt issuances, including as consideration in or in conjunction with acquisitions;
• evolving regulations of cloud computing, AI and cross-border data transfer restrictions and similar regulations; and
• regulatory compliance and acquisition costs.
Many of these factors are outside of our control, and the occurrence of one or more of them might negatively and
materially impact our operating results. If we fail to meet or exceed operating results expectations or if securities analysts and 
investors have estimates and forecasts of our future performance that are unrealistic or that we do not meet, the market price of 
our common stock could decline. In addition, if one or more of the securities analysts who cover us adversely change their 
recommendations regarding our stock, the market price of our common stock could decline.
The market price of our common stock is likely to be volatile and could subject us to litigation.
The trading prices of the securities of technology companies have historically been highly volatile. Accordingly, the 
market price of our common stock has been and is likely to continue to be subject to wide fluctuations. Factors affecting the 
market price of our common stock include:
• variations in our financial results and how those results compare to analyst expectations;
• variations in, and limitations of, the various financial and other metrics and modeling used by analysts in their research
and reports about our business;
• forward-looking guidance to industry and financial analysts related to future operating results, the accuracy of which
may be impacted by various factors, many of which are beyond our control;
• our ability to meet or exceed forward-looking guidance we have given or to meet or exceed the expectations of
investors, analysts or others; our ability to give forward-looking guidance consistent with past practices;
• changes to previous guidance or long-range targets, in the estimates of our operating results or in recommendations by
securities analysts that elect to follow our common stock;
• announcements or rumors of technological innovations, new services or service enhancements, strategic alliances,
mergers or other strategic acquisitions or significant agreements by us or within our industry;
• announcements of customer additions and customer cancellations or delays in customer purchases;
• the coverage of our common stock by the financial media;
• recruitment or departure of key personnel;
• disruptions in our service due to computer hardware, software, network or data center problems;
• the economy as a whole, geopolitical conditions, including global trade and health concerns, market conditions in our
industry and the industries of our customers, and financial institution instability;
• trading activity or positions by a limited number of stockholders who together beneficially own a significant portion of
our outstanding common stock, as well as other institutional or activist investors;
• our ability to execute on our Share Repurchase Program as planned, including whether we meet internal or external
expectations around the timing or price of share repurchases, and any changes to the program;
• issuance of equity, debt or other convertible securities;
• any increase to or reduction, suspension or elimination of dividend payments;
• the inability to conclude that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective;
• changes to our credit ratings; and
• issues impacting our reputation.
In addition, if the market for technology stocks or the greater securities market in general experience uneven investor
confidence, the market price of our common stock has and could in the future decline for reasons unrelated to us, including as a 
reaction to events that affect other companies within, or outside, our industry. Some companies that have experienced volatility 
29

• permit the Board to establish the number of directors;
• authorize the issuance of “blank check” preferred stock that our board could use to implement a stockholder rights plan
(also known as a “poison pill”);
• prohibit stockholder action by written consent, which requires all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our
stockholders;
• provide that the Board is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal our bylaws; and
• establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board or for proposing matters that can be
acted upon by stockholders at annual stockholder meetings.
In addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control 
of our company. Section 203 imposes certain restrictions on merger, business combinations and other transactions between us 
and holders of 15 percent or more of our common stock.
There can be no assurance that we will continue to declare cash dividends in any particular amounts, or at all.
Whether we continue to pay cash dividends, as well as the rate at which we pay cash dividends, in the future is subject to 
continued capital availability, general economic and market conditions, applicable laws and agreements and our Board 
continuing to determine that the declaration of dividends is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. The 
declaration and payment of any dividend may be discontinued at any time and dividend amounts may be reduced at any time. A 
discontinuation of or reduction in our dividend payments could have a negative effect on our stock price.
General Risks
Volatile and significantly weakened global economic conditions have in the past and may in the future adversely affect 
our industry, business and results of operations.
Our overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic and geopolitical conditions. The United States and other 
key international economies have experienced significant economic and market downturns in the past, and are likely to 
experience additional cyclical downturns from time to time in which economic activity is impacted by falling demand for a 
variety of goods and services, restricted credit, poor liquidity, reduced corporate profitability, volatility in credit, equity and 
foreign exchange markets, inflation, bankruptcies and overall uncertainty with respect to the economy. These economic 
conditions can arise suddenly and the full impact of such conditions can be difficult to predict. In addition, geopolitical and 
domestic political developments, such as uncertainty regarding changes in trade policy and other events beyond our control, 
such as war in Ukraine and the regional conflict in the Middle East, have increased and may continue to increase levels of 
political and economic unpredictability globally and the volatility of global financial markets. Moreover, these conditions have 
affected and may continue to affect the rate of IT spending; could adversely affect our customers’ ability or willingness to 
attend our events or to purchase our enterprise cloud computing services; have delayed and may delay customer purchasing 
decisions; and have reduced and may in the future reduce the value and duration of customer subscription contracts or cause our 
customers to seek to modify their existing subscription contracts. All of these risks and conditions could materially adversely 
affect our future sales, attrition rates and operating results.
Geopolitical crises, natural disasters and other events beyond our control have in the past and may in the future 
materially adversely affect us.
Geopolitical crises, natural disasters or other catastrophic events have in the past and may in the future cause damage or 
disruption to our people, operations, international commerce and the global economy, and thus could have a strong negative 
effect on us. Our business operations, the business operations of third-party providers or suppliers that we rely on to conduct 
our business and the business operations of our customers are subject to interruption by geopolitical crises, natural disasters, 
fire, power or water shutoffs or shortages, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks, acts of violence, political and/or civil 
unrest, acts of war or other military actions, actual or threatened public health emergencies and other events beyond our control. 
in the trading price of their stock have been the subject of securities class action litigation, such as the securities litigation 
against Slack that was brought before our acquisition. Such litigation, whether against us or an acquired subsidiary, could result 
in substantial costs and a diversion of management’s attention and resources and any liability resulting from or the settlement of 
such litigation could result in material adverse impacts to our operating cash flows or results of operations for a given period.
Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law might discourage, 
delay or prevent a change of control of the Company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the market 
price of our common stock.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could depress the market price 
of our common stock by acting to discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of the Company or changes in our 
management that the stockholders of the Company may deem advantageous. These provisions among other things:
30

For example, the occurrence of regional conflicts, epidemics or a global pandemic have in the past and may in the future 
materially affect how we and our customers operate our businesses, as well as our operating results and cash flows. Although 
we maintain crisis management and disaster response plans, such events could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver 
our services to our customers, and could decrease demand for our services. Our corporate headquarters, and a significant 
portion of our personnel, research and development activities and other critical business operations, are located near major 
seismic faults in the San Francisco Bay Area. Because we do not carry earthquake insurance for direct earthquake-related losses 
and significant recovery time could be required to resume operations, our financial condition and operating results could be 
materially and adversely affected in the event of a major earthquake or catastrophic event, and the adverse effects of any such 
catastrophic event would be exacerbated if experienced at the same time as another unexpected and adverse event. 
Climate change may have an impact on our business.
While we seek to mitigate our business risks associated with climate change by establishing appropriate environmental 
programs and partnering with organizations who are also focused on mitigating their own climate-related risks, there are 
inherent climate-related risks where our business is conducted. Any of our primary locations may be vulnerable to the adverse 
effects of climate change. For example, our offices globally have historically experienced, and are projected to continue to 
experience, climate-related events at an increasing frequency, including drought, water scarcity, heat waves, cold waves, 
flooding, wildfires and resultant air quality impacts and power shutoffs associated with climate-related events. These events in 
turn have impacts on inflation risks, the cost and availability of insurance, food security, water security (including for water 
availability for data center cooling, energy security and on our employees’ health, productivity and well-being. Furthermore, it 
is more difficult to mitigate the impact of these events on our employees working remotely or at client sites. Changing market 
dynamics, global policy developments and the increasing frequency and impact of extreme weather events on critical 
infrastructure in the United States and elsewhere have the potential to disrupt our business, the business of companies we invest 
in, the business of third-party providers or suppliers that we rely on to conduct our business and the business of our customers, 
and may cause us to experience higher attrition, losses and additional costs to maintain or resume operations. In particular, 
climate-related events, energy market volatility, and power grid disruptions may increase the operational costs related to inputs 
across our value chain, including for data centers. Perceived associations with data centers’ growing energy demand or data 
center/AI-related changes to existing environmental pledges in certain jurisdictions may also result in increased targeting of our 
sites and operations by activists. Additionally, failure to uphold, meet or make timely forward progress against our public 
commitments and goals related to climate action could adversely impact the resilience of our business to the impacts of climaterelated events.
31

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
None.
ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY
As a global leader in CRM technology, our services involve the storage and transmission of our customers’ and our 
customers’ customers’ data. As such, we have in the past been, and likely will in the future be, the target of cybersecurity 
threats and other efforts to breach or compromise our services and underlying infrastructure. With trust as our foremost value 
and the foundation of everything we do, we recognize the importance of maintaining the safety and security of our systems and 
data.
Management is responsible for the day-to-day administration of the Company’s cybersecurity policies, processes, 
practices and risk management. The Board, including through its dedicated Cybersecurity and Privacy committee (the 
“Committee”), oversees the various cybersecurity risks facing the Company and the Company’s efforts to mitigate those risks.
During the last fiscal year, we did not identify any risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous 
cybersecurity incidents, that materially affected the Company, including its business strategy, results of operations, or financial 
condition. However, we face ongoing and increasing cybersecurity risks, including from bad actors that are becoming more 
sophisticated and effective over time, as well as a result of potential defects or disruptions in our or our customers’ services. If 
realized, these risks are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company. Additional information on the cybersecurity risks 
we face is discussed in Part I, Items 1A-C, “Risk Factors.”
Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy
When a company purchases our service offerings, they gain a trusted digital advisor who will work together with them in 
their efforts to protect their data. We aim to provide a secure and compliant enterprise cloud platform and we work to build trust 
and in-depth defense into all of our systems. Among other things, we employ an experienced team of cybersecurity 
professionals, engage in community events and offer free online cybersecurity incident prevention training to help enable our 
customers to focus on their business, knowing their data is safe and accessible as needed.
We seek to address material cybersecurity risks through a company-wide approach that assesses, ranks and prioritizes 
cybersecurity threats, vulnerabilities and issues as they are identified to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and availability of 
our information systems and the information that we collect and store. The Company’s cybersecurity policies, standards, 
processes and practices are informed by recognized frameworks established by the National Institute of Standards and 
Technology, the International Organization for Standardization and an array of other applicable standards-setting bodies, which 
are integrated into a broader risk management framework and related processes. We also hold various security-related industry 
certifications and attestations that have been validated by external auditors, including SOC 1, SOC 2, SOC 3, ISO 27001, 27017 
and 27018, CSA STAR and others.
Leveraging threat intelligence and other signals, the Company undergoes periodic testing, audits and reviews of its 
policies, standards, processes and practices to identify, assess and address cybersecurity risks and events. The Company also 
undergoes routine internal and external penetration testing. The results of such tests and assessments are evaluated by 
management and periodically reported to the Committee. The Company further adjusts its cybersecurity policies, standards, 
processes and practices based on these results and evolving industry practices. The Company also publishes attestations of its 
various certifications, audits, and penetration tests on its global compliance webpage.
Board Oversight and Governance
As mentioned above, the Board established the Committee to provide dedicated oversight of cybersecurity-related 
management, strategy, initiatives, risks, threats and remediation activities. The Committee receives regular presentations, 
reports and updates from the Company’s Chief Trust Officer (“CTrO”) and other members of management on developments 
regarding the Company’s cybersecurity program, broader cybersecurity trends, evolving industry standards, the threat 
environment and other topics. After each quarterly meeting of the Committee, the Board receives a report from the Chair of the 
Committee with an update on the Company’s oversight of cybersecurity risks and mitigation efforts. The Committee also 
receives periodic reports from an experienced outside consultant with information security expertise providing insights on key 
focus areas to aid in the Committee’s oversight of the Company’s cybersecurity program.
The Company’s processes also allow for the Board and the Committee to be informed of key cybersecurity risks outside 
the regular reporting schedule. While regular meetings of the Committee are scheduled on a quarterly cadence, the Committee 
is authorized to meet with management or individual directors at any time it deems appropriate to discuss matters relevant to the 
Committee. In between meetings, the Board and the Committee receive information regarding relevant cybersecurity risks 
32

Specifically, management implements the Company’s cybersecurity and risk management strategy across several areas: 
• Identification and Reporting. The Company has implemented a robust, cross-functional approach to
identifying, assessing and managing cybersecurity threats and risks. The Company’s program includes controls and 
procedures designed to properly identify, classify, and escalate cybersecurity risks and incidents to provide 
management with visibility and prioritization of risk mitigation efforts and to publicly report material cybersecurity 
incidents when appropriate. 
• Threat Intelligence. The Company maintains a Threat Intelligence team focused on profiling, intelligence
collection, and threat analysis supporting the Company’s ongoing efforts to identify, assess and manage cybersecurity 
threats. The team’s input supports both near-term response to cybersecurity events, and long-term strategic planning 
and development of the Company’s cybersecurity risk management framework. 
• Technical Safeguards. The Company implements technical safeguards that are designed to protect both the
Company’s service offerings and other information systems we control from cybersecurity threats, including firewalls, 
intrusion prevention and detection systems, anti-malware functionality, vulnerability management, encryption 
processes and access controls, all of which are periodically evaluated and improved through risk and control 
assessments and in response to cybersecurity threat intelligence as well as outside audits and certifications. 
• Incident Response and Recovery Planning. The Company has established and maintains incident response,
business continuity and disaster recovery plans designed to address the Company’s response to a cybersecurity 
incident, including the public disclosure and reporting of material incidents in a timely manner. These plans and 
procedures serve to guide and document a rigorous incident response program that reflects the roles of an array of 
stakeholders, including personnel providing technical, operational, engineering, legal and other perspectives across the 
Company. The Company conducts regular tabletop exercises involving multiple operational teams, including senior 
management, to test these plans and to familiarize personnel with their roles in a response scenario. 
• Third-Party Risk Management. The Company maintains a risk-based approach to identifying and overseeing
cybersecurity threats presented by certain third parties, including vendors, service providers and other external users of 
the Company’s systems, as well as the systems of third parties that could adversely impact our business in the event of 
a significant cybersecurity incident affecting those third-party systems. 
• Education and Awareness. The Company regularly provides employee training on security-related duties and
responsibilities, including knowledge about how to recognize cybersecurity incidents and how to proceed if an actual 
or suspected incident should occur. This training is mandatory for employees across the Company, and is intended to 
provide the Company’s employees with effective tools to address cybersecurity threats, and to communicate the 
Company’s evolving information security policies, standards, processes and practices. The Company maintains several 
(including cybersecurity incidents that meet pre-established reporting thresholds, as well as ongoing updates regarding any 
such risks.
Management Oversight and Governance
The CTrO, reporting to the Company’s Chief Engineering & Customer Success Officer (“C/E”, is responsible for 
designing and implementing a security program and strategy based on the mandate provided by the Board and senior 
management. The CTrO has extensive experience in the management of cybersecurity risk programs, having served in various 
leadership roles in information technology and information security for over 15 years, including serving as the Chief Security 
Officer of two other large public technology companies. He also holds an undergraduate and master’s degree in computer 
science. We believe the Company’s business leaders, including our CEO, CFO, C/E and CLO, who have experience managing 
cybersecurity risk at the Company and at similar companies, have the appropriate expertise, background and depth of 
experience to manage risks arising from cybersecurity threats.
The CTrO, in coordination with other members of senior management, works collaboratively across the Company to 
implement a program designed to help protect the Company’s information systems from cybersecurity threats and to promptly 
respond to cybersecurity incidents in accordance with the Company’s incident response and recovery plans. To facilitate the 
success of the Company’s cybersecurity program, cross-functional teams throughout the Company are tasked with addressing 
cybersecurity threats and responding to cybersecurity incidents. Through ongoing communications with these teams, the CTrO 
and senior management are able to be informed promptly about, and monitor the prevention, detection, investigation, mitigation 
and remediation of, cybersecurity threats. These teams are expected to operate pursuant to documented plans and playbooks that 
include processes for escalation of incidents to leadership and to the Committee and Board, as appropriate, based on the severity 
level of a cybersecurity incident. In addition, the Company periodically consults with outside advisors and experts to assist with 
assessing, identifying and managing cybersecurity risks, including to anticipate future threats and trends, and their impact on 
the Company’s risk management environment.
33

plans designed to prepare the Salesforce Security Response Center (SSRC) with the proper training, processes and 
capabilities needed to effectively respond to incidents.
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
As of January 31, 2025, our executive and principal offices for sales, marketing, professional services, development and 
administration consisted of approximately 0.9 million square feet of leased and owned property in San Francisco. Excluded 
from this amount is approximately 2.1 million square feet of leased and owned property in San Francisco that is currently 
leased to others, or available for lease.
We also lease office space for our operations in various locations throughout the United States as well as office space in a 
number of countries in Europe, North America, Asia, South America, Africa and Australia.
We operate data centers in the U.S., Europe and Asia pursuant to various co-location lease arrangements.
We believe that our existing facilities and offices are adequate to meet our current requirements. If we require additional 
space, we believe that we will be able to obtain such space on acceptable, commercially reasonable terms.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
We evaluate all claims and lawsuits with respect to their potential merits, our potential defenses and counterclaims, 
settlement or litigation potential and the expected effect on us. Our technologies may be subject to an injunction if they are 
found to infringe the rights of a third party. In addition, many of our subscription agreements require us to indemnify our 
customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which could increase the cost to us of an adverse ruling on 
such a claim.
The outcome of any claims or litigation, regardless of the merits, is inherently uncertain. Any claims and other lawsuits, 
and the disposition of such claims and lawsuits, whether through settlement or litigation, could be time-consuming and 
expensive to resolve, divert our attention from executing our business plan, result in efforts to enjoin our activities, lead to 
attempts by third parties to seek similar claims and, in the case of intellectual property claims, require us to change our 
technology, change our business practices, pay monetary damages or enter into short- or long-term royalty or licensing 
agreements.
For more information regarding legal proceedings see Note 14 “Legal Proceedings and Claims” to the consolidated 
financial statements in Item 8 of Part II.
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not applicable.
ITEM 4A. INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
The following sets forth certain information regarding our current executive officers as of February 28, 2025 (in 
alphabetical order):
Name Age Position
Marc Benioff 60 Chair of the Board, CEO and co-Founder
Parker Harris 58 Director, Chief Technology Officer, Slack and co-Founder
Miguel Milano 56 President and Chief Revenue Officer
Brian Millham 55 President and Chief Operating Officer
Sabastian Niles 45 President and Chief Legal Officer
Sundeep Reddy 52 Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer
David Schmaier 61 President and Chief Product and Impact Officer
Srinivas Tallapragada 55 President and Chief Engineering Officer and Customer Success Officer
Amy Weaver 57 President and Chief Financial Officer
Marc Benioff is Chair of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and co-Founder of Salesforce and a pioneer of cloud 
computing. Mr. Benioff has served as Chief Executive Officer since 2001 and under his leadership, Salesforce has become the 
#1 provider of CRM software globally. Mr. Benioff was named Innovator of the Decade by Forbes and recognized as one of the 
World’s 50 Greatest Leaders by Fortune and 10 Best-Performing CEOs by Harvard Business Review. As a member of the 
World Economic Forum (WEF) Board of Trustees, Mr. Benioff serves as the inaugural chair of WEF’s Forum Center for the 
Fourth Industrial Revolution in San Francisco. Mr. Benioff currently serves as Chair of the Salesforce Foundation. Mr. Benioff 
34

received his B.S. in Business Administration from the University of Southern California, where he also serves on the Board of 
Trustees.
Parker Harris has served as a Director since August 2018 and as Chief Technology Officer of Slack since January 2024. 
Mr. Harris co-founded Salesforce in February 1999 and has served in senior technical positions since inception, including Chief 
Technology Officer from September 2016 to January 2024 and Executive Vice President, Technology from December 2004 to 
February 2013. Prior to Salesforce, Mr. Harris co-founded Left Coast Software, a Java consulting firm, and served as its Vice 
President from October 1996 to February 1999. Mr. Harris received his B.A. in English Literature from Middlebury College.
Miguel Milano has served as our President and Chief Revenue Officer since August 2023. Prior to rejoining Salesforce, 
Mr. Milano served as Co-Owner and Chief Revenue Officer at Celonis, a German data processing company, from April 2020 to 
July 2023. Previously, Mr. Milano served in various international sales leadership roles at Salesforce from 2011 to 2020, 
including President, International (EMEA, APAC and LACA from August 2018 to March 2020. Prior to that, Mr. Milano held 
various leadership positions at Oracle Corporation, i2 Technologies, Telefónica and McKinsey & Company. Mr. Milano 
received his B.S. and M.S.E. in Electrical Engineering from the Polytechnic University of Catalonia and M.B.A. from the Sloan 
School of Management at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Brian Millham has served as our President and Chief Operating Officer since August 2022. Mr. Millham will transition 
from these roles to serve as an advisor to the Company effective March 21, 2025. Mr. Millham has been with Salesforce since 
its inception in 1999, most recently serving as Chief Customer Success Officer and Chief Operating Officer, Global 
Distribution from February 2022 to August 2022. From February 2021 to February 2022, he served as President, Customer 
Success Group and Chief Operating Officer, Worldwide Distribution. From August 2018 to February 2021, Mr. Millham served 
as President, Customer Success Group. From June 2017 to August 2018, Mr. Millham served as Executive Vice President, 
Americas Commercial, and B-to-C Sales, Global Strategy. Previously, Mr. Millham served in various leadership roles in 
business development, account management and sales. Mr. Millham received his B.A. from the University of California, 
Berkeley.
Sabastian Niles has served as our President and Chief Legal Officer since July 2023. He also serves as Salesforce’s 
Corporate Secretary and oversees Salesforce’s global legal and corporate affairs organization, including government affairs and 
the office of global governance, integrity, ethics and compliance. Prior to joining Salesforce, Mr. Niles was a Partner at 
Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz, where he practiced law from September 2006 to July 2023. Mr. Niles received his B.S., B.A. 
and B.S. in Finance, Economics and Decision & Information Sciences, respectively, from the University of Maryland and J.D. 
from Harvard Law School.
Sundeep Reddy has served as our Chief Accounting Officer since September 2021. Prior to joining Salesforce, Mr. Reddy 
served in a variety of corporate finance leadership roles at McKesson Corporation, a pharmaceutical distribution company, from 
2013 to 2021, including Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer from July 2018 to September 2021, 
Senior Vice President, Assistant Controller from June 2017 to July 2018, Senior Vice President, McKesson Technology 
Solutions Finance and Accounting from March 2017 to June 2017 and Vice President, Controller of McKesson Technology 
Solutions from December 2013 to February 2017. Mr. Reddy is a Certified Public Accountant and received his B.B.A. from 
Georgia State University and M.B.A. from Emory University.
David Schmaier has served as our President and Chief Product & Impact Officer since February 2025. Prior to this, he 
served as our President and Chief Product Officer from February 2021 to 2025 and as Chief Executive Officer of Salesforce 
Industries from June 2020 to February 2021. Mr. Schmaier joined Salesforce through the acquisition of Vlocity, Inc., an 
industry-specific cloud software company, where he was co-founder and served as Chief Executive Officer from March 2014 to 
June 2020. Previously, Mr. Schmaier served in various leadership roles, including as Chief Operating Officer and Strategic 
Advisory Board Member at C3.ai from 2009 to 2014, and as Executive Vice President and Founding Team Executive at Siebel 
Systems from 1994 to 2006. Mr. Schmaier received his B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from the Rensselaer Institute and 
M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.
Srinivas Tallapragada has served as our President and Chief Engineering & Customer Success Officer since February 
2025. Prior to this, he served as our President and Chief Engineering Officer from December 2019 to February 2025, President, 
Technology from June 2018 to December 2019, Executive Vice President, Engineering from March 2014 to June 2018 and 
Senior Vice President, Engineering from May 2012 to February 2014. Prior to Salesforce, Mr. Tallapragada served as Senior 
Vice President at Oracle Corporation from April 2011 to June 2012 and as Senior Vice President at SAP Labs from February 
2009 to April 2011. Previously, Mr. Tallapragada held various technical management roles at Oracle, Infosys and Asian Paints. 
Mr. Tallapragada currently serves on the Board of Directors of GoDaddy Inc. Mr. Tallapragada received his master’s degree 
from the School of Human Resources at XLRI, Jamshedpur and B.T. in Computer Science from the National Institute of 
Technology, Warangal.
Amy Weaver has served as our President and Chief Financial Officer since February 2021. Ms. Weaver will transition 
from these roles to serve as Special Advisor to the Chief Executive Officer effective March 21, 2025. Prior to this, she served as 
our President and Chief Legal Officer from January 2020 to January 2021, President, Legal & Corporate Affairs and General 
35

Counsel from February 2017 to January 2020, Executive Vice President and General Counsel from July 2015 to February 2017 
and Senior Vice President and General Counsel from October 2013 to July 2015. Prior to Salesforce, Ms. Weaver served as 
Executive Vice President and General Counsel at Univar Inc., a global chemical distributor, from December 2010 to June 2013 
and Senior Vice President and Deputy General Counsel at Expedia, Inc., an online travel services provider, from July 2005 to 
December 2010. Previously, Ms. Weaver practiced law at Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP and Perkins Coie LLP. She also 
served as a clerk on the U.S. Court of Appeals, Ninth Circuit and as a legislative assistant to a member of the Hong Kong 
Legislative Council. Ms. Weaver currently serves on the Board of Directors of McDonald’s Corporation and Habitat for 
Humanity International. Ms. Weaver received her B.A. in Political Science from Wellesley College and J.D. from Harvard Law 
School.
36

PART II. 
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
Market Information for Common Stock
Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “CRM.”
Dividend Policy
Prior to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025, we had never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. 
For the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025 we announced the following dividends (in millions, except dividend per share):
Record Date Payment Date Dividend per Share Amount
March 14, 2024 April 11, 2024 $ 0.40 $ 388 
July 9, 2024 July 25, 2024 $ 0.40 $ 388 
September 18, 2024 October 8, 2024 $ 0.40 $ 385 
December 18, 2024 January 9, 2025 $ 0.40 $ 388 
The payment of future cash dividends is subject to future declaration by our Board, which will be based in part on 
continued capital availability, general economic and market conditions, applicable laws and agreements and our Board 
continuing to determine that the declaration of dividends is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders.
Stockholders
As of January 31, 2025, there were 369 registered stockholders of record of our common stock, including The Depository 
Trust Company, which holds shares of Salesforce common stock on behalf of an indeterminate number of beneficial owners.
Stock Performance Graph
The following shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any of our other filings under the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended, or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
The graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock with the cumulative total return 
on the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index ("S&P 500 Index"), Nasdaq Computer & Data Processing Index ("Nasdaq Computer"), the 
Nasdaq 100 Index and the Dow Jones Industrial Average for each of the last five fiscal years ended January 31, 2025, assuming 
an initial investment of $100. Data for the S&P 500 Index, Nasdaq Computer, Nasdaq 100 Index and Dow Jones Industrial 
Average assume reinvestment of dividends.
The comparisons in the graph below are based upon historical data and are not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, 
future performance of our common stock. 
37

DOLLARS
Comparison of Cumulative Total Return of Salesforce, Inc. 
Salesforce S&P 500 Index Nasdaq Computer
Nasdaq 100 Index Dow Jones Industrial Average
Fiscal 
2020
Fiscal 
2021
Fiscal 
2022
Fiscal 
2023
Fiscal 
2024
Fiscal 
2025
50
100
150
200
250
300
1/31/2020 1/31/2021 1/31/2022 1/31/2023 1/31/2024 1/31/2025
Salesforce $ 100 $ 124 $ 128 $ 92 $ 154 $ 187 
S&P 500 Index 100 115 140 126 150 187 
Nasdaq Computer 100 146 183 142 220 289 
Nasdaq 100 Index 100 144 166 135 191 239 
Dow Jones Industrial Average 100 106 124 121 135 158 
Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities
In connection with the Company’s acquisition of Zoomin Software Ltd, on November 1, 2024, the Company issued 
116,132 shares of its common stock to certain former stockholders of Zoomin Software Ltd. that will vest over time. In 
connection with the Company’s acquisition of Own Company Ltd., on November 18, 2024, the Company issued 43,682 shares 
of its common stock to certain former stockholders of Own Company Ltd. that will vest over time. These issuances were made 
in reliance on one or more of the following exemptions or exclusions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act: 
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act and Regulation S promulgated under 
the Securities Act.
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
Share repurchases of the Company’s common stock for the three months ended January 31, 2025 were as follows (in 
millions, except for average price paid per share):
Period 
Total Number of Shares 
Purchased (1)
Average Price Paid 
Per Share
Total Number of Shares 
Purchased as Part of Publicly 
Announced Program (1)
Approximate Dollar Value of 
Shares that May Yet Be 
Purchased Under the Program
November 2024 0 $312.80 0 $10,611
December 2024 0 $347.12 0 $10,590
January 2025 0 $332.25 0 $10,569
Total (2) 0 0
(1) In August 2022, the Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase up to $10.0 billion of the Company’s
common stock (the “Share Repurchase Program”). In February 2023, the Board of Directors authorized an additional $10.0
billion in repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program, for an aggregate total authorized of $20.0 billion. In February
38

ITEM 6. RESERVED
2024, the Board of Directors authorized an additional $10.0 billion in repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program, for an 
aggregate total authorized of $30.0 billion. The Share Repurchase Program does not have a fixed expiration date and does not 
obligate the Company to acquire any specific number of shares. Under the Share Repurchase Program, shares of common stock 
may be repurchased using a variety of methods, including privately negotiated and/or open market transactions, including under 
plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, as part of accelerated share repurchases and other methods. The 
timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases are determined by the Company in its discretion and depend on a variety 
of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. All repurchases disclosed in the table were 
made pursuant to the publicly announced Share Repurchase Program. 
(2) The Company repurchased less than 1 million shares under the Share Repurchase Agreement in the fourth quarter of
fiscal 2025 for approximately $73 million.
39

expense and general and administrative expenses. Over the long term, we expect to see additional operating expense 
improvements, which could include various restructuring initiatives or measured hiring initiatives to drive operational 
efficiencies. 
Highlights from Fiscal 2025
• Revenue: For fiscal 2025, revenue was $37.9 billion, an increase of nine percent year-over-year. 
• Income from Operations: For fiscal 2025, income from operations was $7.2 billion as compared to $5.0 billion from
a year ago. Operating margin, which represents income from operations as a percentage of total revenue, increased to
approximately 19 percent for fiscal 2025 compared to approximately 14 percent in the prior year.
• Net Income per Share: For fiscal 2025, diluted net income per share was $6.36 as compared to diluted net income per
share of $4.20 from a year ago.
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
OPERATIONS
The following discussion contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, our expectations and 
statements regarding our outlook and future revenues, expenses, results of operations, liquidity, plans, strategies and 
management objectives and any assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Our actual results may differ significantly from 
those projected in the forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements and factors that might cause future actual 
results to differ materially from our recent results or those projected in the forward-looking statements include, but are not 
limited to, those discussed in the section titled “Forward-Looking Information” and “Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on 
Form 10-K. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements or our risk factors for 
any reason.
The following section generally discusses fiscal 2025 and 2024 items and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal 2025 
and 2024, as well as certain fiscal 2023 items. Discussions of fiscal 2023 items and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal 
2024 and 2023 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 
31, 2024.
Overview
Salesforce is a global leader in customer relationship management (“CRM” technology, enabling companies of every 
size and industry to connect with their customers through the power of data, artificial intelligence (“AI”, CRM and trust. 
Founded in 1999, we bring humans together with AI agents to drive customer success on one deeply unified platform. 
Our platform unites sales, service, marketing, commerce and IT teams by connecting customer data across systems, apps 
and devices to create a complete view of customers. With this single source of customer truth and integrated AI, teams can be 
more responsive, productive and efficient, deliver intelligent, personalized experiences across every channel and increase 
productivity. During the third quarter of fiscal 2025, we introduced Agentforce, a new layer of our trusted platform that enables 
companies to build and deploy AI agents that can respond to inputs, make decisions and take action autonomously across 
business functions. Agentforce includes a suite of customizable agents for use across sales, service, marketing and commerce. 
We continue to invest for growth, including investing in generative and agentic AI across all products, which we believe will 
change how our customers help their customers, and continuously look to expand our leadership role in the cloud computing 
industry.
We continue to focus on several key growth levers, including driving multiple service offering adoption, increasing our 
penetration with enterprise and international customers and expanding our industry-specific reach with more vertical software 
solutions. These growth levers often require a more sophisticated go-to-market approach and, as a result, we may incur 
additional costs upfront to obtain new customers and expand our relationships with existing customers, including additional 
sales and marketing expenses specific to subscription and support revenue. As a result, we have seen that customers with many 
of these characteristics drive higher annual revenues and have lower attrition rates than our company average.
In addition to our focus on top line growth levers, we are also focused on reducing our operating expenses to improve our 
operating margin. For example, in January 2023, we announced a restructuring plan intended to reduce operating costs, improve 
operating margins and continue advancing our ongoing commitment to profitable growth which included a reduction of our 
workforce by approximately ten percent and office space reductions within certain markets. The employee actions were 
substantially completed in fiscal 2024 and the real estate actions are expected to be fully complete in fiscal 2026. In addition, 
we continued to evaluate and operationalize future programs to drive further operational efficiencies, optimize our management 
structure and increase cost optimization efforts to realize long-term sustainable growth, including targeted workforce and office 
space reductions that were initiated in fiscal 2025 and are expected to be substantially complete in fiscal 2026. We have started 
to see improvements in our operating expenses across all operating categories, with the most opportunity in sales and marketing 
40

• Cash: Cash provided by operations for fiscal 2025 was $13.1 billion, an increase of 28 percent year-over-year. Total 
cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of January 31, 2025 was $14.0 billion. 
• Remaining Performance Obligation: Total remaining performance obligation, which represents all future revenue
under contract yet to be recognized, as of January 31, 2025 was approximately $63.4 billion, an increase of 11 percent
year-over-year. Current remaining performance obligation as of January 31, 2025 was approximately $30.2 billion, an
increase of nine percent year-over-year.
• Share Repurchase Program: During the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025, we repurchased approximately
30 million shares of our common stock for approximately $7.8 billion.
• Dividend Program: During the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025, we paid approximately $1.5 billion in dividends.
In the second half of fiscal 2025, we continued seeing increasing momentum for Agentforce and other AI service
offerings. Outside of the demand for AI, the buying environment trends seen over the past two fiscal years have stabilized. A 
reemergence of slower growth in new and renewal business could impact our remaining performance obligation, revenues and 
our ability to meet financial guidance and long-term targets.
In addition, the expanding global scope of our business and the heightened volatility of global markets expose us to the 
risk of fluctuations in foreign currency markets. Total revenues in the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025 were minimally 
impacted by foreign currency fluctuations compared to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2024. Our current remaining 
performance obligation growth as of January 31, 2025 compared to January 31, 2024 was negatively impacted by two percent 
compared to what would have been reported using constant currency rates. The impact of foreign currency fluctuations could 
impact our near-term results and ability to accurately predict our future results and earnings. The impact of these fluctuations 
can also be compounded by the seasonality of our business in which our fourth quarter has historically been our strongest 
quarter for new business and renewals.
Fiscal Year
Our fiscal year ends on January 31. References to fiscal 2025, for example, refer to the fiscal year ending January 31, 
2025.
Operating Segments
We operate as one segment. See Note 1 “Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies” to the consolidated 
financial statements for further discussion. 
Sources of Revenues
We derive our revenues from two sources: (1) subscription and support revenues and (2) professional services and other 
revenues. Subscription and support revenues accounted for approximately 94 percent of our total revenues for fiscal 2025. 
Subscription and support revenues include subscription fees from customers accessing our enterprise cloud computing 
services (collectively, “Cloud Services”), software license revenues from the sales of term software licenses, and support 
revenues from the sale of support and updates beyond the basic subscription fees or related to the sales of software licenses. Our 
Cloud Services allow customers to use our multi-tenant software without taking possession of the software. Revenue is 
generally recognized ratably over the contract term. Subscription and support revenues also include revenues associated with 
term software licenses that provide the customer with a right to use the software as it exists when made available. Revenues 
from term software licenses are generally recognized at the point in time when the software is made available to the customer. 
Revenue from support and updates is recognized as such support and updates are provided, which is generally ratably over the 
contract term. Changes in contract duration for multi-year term software licenses can impact the amount of revenues recognized 
upfront. Revenues from term software licenses represent less than ten percent of total subscription and support revenue for 
fiscal 2025.
The revenue growth rates of each of our service offerings, as described below in “Results of Operations,” fluctuate from 
quarter to quarter and over time. Additionally, we manage the total balanced product portfolio to deliver solutions to our 
customers and, as a result, the revenue result for each offering is not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any 
subsequent quarter. In addition, some of our Cloud Service offerings have similar features and functions. For example, 
customers may use our Sales, Service or Platform service offerings to record account and contact information, which are similar 
features across these service offerings. Depending on a customer’s actual and projected business requirements, more than one 
service offering may satisfy the customer’s current and future needs. We record revenue based on the individual products 
ordered by a customer, not according to the customer’s business requirements and usage.
Our growth in revenues is also impacted by attrition. Attrition represents the reduction or loss of the annualized value of 
our contracts with customers. We calculate our attrition rate at a point in time on a trailing twelve-month basis as of the end of 
each month. In general, we exclude service offerings from acquisitions from our attrition calculation until they are fully 
41

integrated into our customer success organization. As of January 31, 2025, our attrition rate, excluding Slack self-service, was 
approximately eight percent.
We continue to maintain a variety of customer programs and initiatives, which, along with increasing enterprise adoption, 
have helped keep our attrition rate consistent as compared to the prior year. Consistent attrition rates play a role in our ability to 
maintain growth in our subscription and support revenues. 
Seasonal Nature of Unearned Revenue, Accounts Receivable and Operating Cash Flow
Unearned revenue primarily consists of billings to customers for our subscription service. Over 90 percent of the value of 
our billings to customers is for our subscription and support service. We generally invoice our customers in advance, in annual 
installments, and typical payment terms provide that our customers pay us within 30 days of invoice. Amounts that have been 
invoiced are recorded in accounts receivable and in unearned revenue or in revenue depending on whether transfer of control to 
customers has occurred. In general, we collect our billings in advance of the subscription service period. We typically issue 
renewal invoices in advance of the renewal service period, and depending on timing, the initial invoice for the subscription and 
services contract and the subsequent renewal invoice may occur in different quarters. There is a disproportionate weighting 
toward annual billings in the fourth quarter, primarily as a result of large enterprise account buying patterns. Our fourth quarter 
has historically been our strongest quarter for new business and renewals. The year-on-year compounding effect of this 
seasonality in both billing patterns and overall new and renewal business causes the value of invoices that we generate in the 
fourth quarter for both new business and renewals to increase as a proportion of our total annual billings. Accordingly, because 
of this billing activity, our first quarter is typically our largest collections and operating cash flow quarter. Generally, our third 
quarter has historically been our smallest operating cash flow quarter. Unearned revenues, accounts receivable and operating 
cash flow may also be impacted by acquisitions. For example, operating cash flows may be adversely impacted by acquisitions 
due to transaction costs, financing costs such as interest expense and lower operating cash flows from the acquired entity. 
Remaining Performance Obligation 
Our remaining performance obligation represents all future revenue under contract that has not yet been recognized as 
revenue and includes unearned revenue and unbilled amounts. Our current remaining performance obligation represents future 
revenue under contract that is expected to be recognized as revenue in the next 12 months.
 Remaining performance obligation is not necessarily indicative of future revenue growth and is influenced by several 
factors, including seasonality, the timing of renewals, average contract terms, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations 
in new business growth. Remaining performance obligation is also impacted by acquisitions. Unbilled portions of the remaining 
performance obligation denominated in foreign currencies are revalued each period based on the period end exchange rates. For 
multi-year subscription agreements billed annually, the associated unbilled balance and corresponding remaining performance 
obligation are typically high at the beginning of the contract period, zero just prior to renewal, and increase if the agreement is 
renewed. Low remaining performance obligation attributable to a particular subscription agreement is often associated with an 
impending renewal but may not be an indicator of the likelihood of renewal or future revenue from such customer. Changes in 
contract duration or the timing of delivery of professional services can impact remaining performance obligation as well as the 
allocation between current and non-current remaining performance obligation.
Cost of Revenues and Operating Expenses
Cost of Revenues
Cost of subscription and support revenues primarily consists of expenses related to our employee-related costs, which 
includes salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation expense, delivering our service and providing support, including the 
costs of data center capacity, certain fees paid to various third parties for the use of their technology, services and data, and 
allocated overhead. Our cost of subscription and support revenues also includes amortization of certain acquisition-related 
intangible assets, such as the amortization of the cost associated with an acquired company’s research and development efforts. 
Also included in the cost of subscription and support revenues are expenses incurred supporting the free user base of Slack, 
including third-party hosting costs and employee-related costs specific to customer experience and technical operations.
Cost of professional services and other revenues consists primarily of employee-related costs associated with these 
services, the cost of subcontractors, certain third-party fees and allocated overhead. We believe that our professional services 
organization facilitates the adoption of our service offerings, helps us to secure larger subscription revenue contracts and 
supports our customers’ success. The cost of professional services may exceed revenues from professional services in future 
fiscal periods.
Research and Development
Research and development expenses consist primarily of employee-related costs for our engineering staff associated with 
product development, as well as allocated overhead. 
42

Sales and Marketing
Sales and marketing expenses make up the majority of our operating expenses and consist primarily of employee-related 
costs and commissions for our sales and marketing staff, as well as payments to partners, marketing programs and allocated 
overhead. Marketing programs consist of advertising, events, corporate communications, brand building and product marketing 
activities. We capitalize certain costs to obtain customer contracts, such as commissions, and amortize these costs on a straightline basis. As such, the timing of expense recognition for these commissions is not consistent with the timing of the associated 
cash payment. 
Our sales and marketing expenses include amortization of certain acquisition-related intangible assets, such as the 
amortization of the cost associated with an acquired company’s trade names, customer lists and customer relationships. 
General and Administrative
General and administrative expenses consist primarily of employee-related costs for finance and accounting, legal, 
internal audit, human resources and management information systems personnel, as well as professional services fees and 
allocated overhead. 
We allocate overhead such as information technology infrastructure, rent, occupancy charges and certain employee 
benefits based on headcount. As such, these types of expenses are reflected in each cost of revenue and operating expense 
category.
Restructuring
Restructuring consists of charges related to employee transition, severance payments, employee benefits and stock-based 
compensation as well as exit charges associated with office space reductions. Restructuring excludes allocated overhead.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the 
United States. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that 
affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses and related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, we 
evaluate our estimates and assumptions. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or 
conditions.
We believe that of our significant accounting policies, which are described in Note 1 “Summary of Business and 
Significant Accounting Policies” to our consolidated financial statements, the following accounting policies and specific 
estimates involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity.
Revenue Recognition - Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations. We enter into contracts with our customers that 
may include promises to transfer multiple Cloud Services, software licenses, premium support and professional services. A 
performance obligation is a promise in a contract with a customer to transfer products or services that are distinct. Determining 
whether products and services are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately or combined as one 
unit of accounting may require significant judgment.
Cloud Services and software licenses are distinct as such offerings are often sold separately. In determining whether 
professional services are distinct, we consider the following factors for each professional services agreement: availability of the 
services from other vendors, the nature of the professional services, the timing of when the professional services contract was 
signed in comparison to the subscription start date and the contractual dependence of the service on the customer’s satisfaction 
with the professional services work. To date, we have generally concluded that professional services included in contracts with 
multiple performance obligations are distinct.
We allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price ("SSP") basis. The 
SSP is the price at which we would sell a promised product or service separately to a customer. Judgment is required to 
determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation. We determine SSP by considering our overall pricing objectives 
and market conditions. Significant pricing practices taken into consideration include our discounting practices, the size and 
volume of our transactions, the customer demographic, the geographic area where services are sold, price lists, our go-tomarket strategy and historical and current sales and contract prices. In instances where we do not sell or price a product or 
service separately, we maximize the use of observable inputs by using information that may include market conditions. As our 
go-to-market strategies evolve, we may modify our pricing practices in the future, which could result in changes to SSP.
In certain cases, we are able to establish SSP based on observable prices of products or services sold separately in 
comparable circumstances to similar customers. We use a single amount to estimate SSP when it has observable prices. If SSP 
is not directly observable, for example when pricing is highly variable, we use a range of SSP. We determine the SSP range 
using information that may include pricing practices or other observable inputs. We typically have more than one SSP for 
individual products and services due to the stratification of those products and services by customer size and geography.
43

Critical estimates in valuing certain of the intangible assets and goodwill we have acquired are:
• future expected cash flows from subscription and support contracts, professional services contracts, other customer
contracts and acquired developed technologies and patents;
• historical and expected customer attrition rates and anticipated growth in revenue from acquired customers;
• assumptions about the period of time the acquired trade name will continue to be used in our offerings;
• discount rates;
• uncertain tax positions and tax-related valuation allowances assumed;
• fair value of assumed equity awards; and
• fair value of pre-existing relationships.
Unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that may affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, 
estimates or actual results.
Income Taxes. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts that are 
more likely than not expected to be realized based on the weighting of positive and negative evidence. Future realization of 
deferred tax assets ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character, for example, 
ordinary income or capital gains, within the carryback or carryforward periods available under the applicable tax law. We 
regularly review the deferred tax assets for recoverability based on historical taxable income, projected future taxable income, 
the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. Our judgment regarding 
future profitability may change due to many factors, including future market conditions and the ability to successfully execute 
our business plans and tax planning strategies. Should there be a change in the ability to recover deferred tax assets, our income 
tax provision would increase or decrease in the period in which the assessment is changed.
Our tax positions are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. We recognize the 
tax benefit of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable upon examination by the 
taxing authority, based on the technical merits. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit which is 
greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the taxing authority. We recognize interest accrued and 
penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in our income tax provision.
Strategic Investments. Accounting for strategic investments in privately held debt and equity securities in which we do 
not have a controlling interest or significant influence requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions. Valuations of 
privately held securities are inherently complex and require judgment due to the lack of readily available market data. Privately 
held debt and equity securities are valued using significant unobservable inputs or data in an inactive market and these 
valuations require our judgment due to the absence of market prices and inherent lack of liquidity. The carrying values of our 
privately held equity securities are adjusted if there are observable price changes in a same or similar security from the same 
issuer or if there are identified events or changes in circumstances that may indicate impairment, as discussed below. In 
determining the estimated fair value for these investments, we utilize the most recent data available and apply valuation 
methods, including the market approach and option pricing models (“OPM”), adjusted to reflect the specific rights and 
preferences of the classes of securities we hold. Such information available to us from investee companies is supplemented with 
estimates such as volatility and expected time to liquidity.
We assess the privately held debt and equity securities in our strategic investment portfolio for impairment quarterly. Our 
impairment analysis encompasses an assessment of both qualitative and quantitative analyses of key factors including the 
investee’s financial metrics, market acceptance of the product or technology, and the rate at which the investee is using its cash. 
Depending on our contractual rights as an investor, investee specific information available to us to make this assessment may be 
limited or may be available on a delayed basis. If the investment is considered to be impaired, we record the investment at fair 
value by recognizing an impairment through the consolidated statements of operations and establishing a new carrying value for 
the investment.
Results of Operations
Business Combinations. Accounting for business combinations requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, 
especially at the acquisition date with respect to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed and preacquisition contingencies. We use our best estimates and assumptions to accurately assign fair value to the tangible and 
intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date as well as the useful lives of those acquired intangible 
assets.
44

The following tables set forth selected data for each of the periods indicated (in millions):
4 Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025
% of Total 
Revenues 2024
% of Total 
Revenues 2023
% of Total 
Revenues
Revenues:
Subscription and support $ 35,679 94 % $ 32,537 93 % $ 29,021 93 %
Professional services and other 2,216 6 2,320 7 2,331 7 
Total revenues 37,895 100 34,857 100 31,352 100 
Cost of revenues (1)(2):
Subscription and support 6,198 16 6,177 18 5,821 19 
Professional services and other 2,445 7 2,364 7 2,539 8 
Total cost of revenues 8,643 23 8,541 25 8,360 27 
Gross profit 29,252 77 26,316 75 22,992 73 
Operating expenses (1)(2):
Research and development 5,493 15 4,906 14 5,055 16 
Sales and marketing 13,257 35 12,877 37 13,526 43 
General and administrative 2,836 7 2,534 7 2,553 8 
Restructuring 461 1 988 3 828 3 
Total operating expenses 22,047 58 21,305 61 21,962 70 
Income from operations 7,205 19 5,011 14 1,030 3 
Losses on strategic investments, net (121) 0 (277) (1) (239) (1)
Other income (expense) 354 1 216 1 (131) 0
Income before provision for income taxes 7,438 20 4,950 14 660 2 
Provision for income taxes (1,241) (4) (814) (2) (452) (1) 
Net income $ 6,197 16 % $ 4,136 12 % $ 208 1 %
(1) Amounts related to amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations, as follows (in millions):
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025
% of Total 
Revenues 2024
% of Total 
Revenues 2023
% of Total 
Revenues
Cost of revenues $ 750 2 % $ 978 3 % $ 1,035 3 %
Sales and marketing 901 2 891 2 916 3 
(2) Amounts related to stock-based compensation expense, as follows (in millions):
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025
% of Total 
Revenues 2024
% of Total 
Revenues 2023
% of Total 
Revenues
Cost of revenues $ 518 1 % $ 431 1 % $ 499 2 %
Research and development 1,091 3 972 3 1,136 3 
Sales and marketing 1,205 3 1,062 3 1,256 4 
General and administrative 367 1 299 1 368 1 
Restructuring 2 0 23 0 20 0 
45

As of 
January 31, 2025 January 31, 2024
Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities $ 14,032 $ 14,194 
Unearned revenue 20,743 19,003 
Remaining performance obligation 63.4 56.9 
Principal due on our outstanding debt obligations (1) 8,500 9,500 
(1) Amounts do not include operating or financing lease obligations.
Remaining performance obligation represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which includes
unearned revenue and unbilled amounts that will be recognized as revenue in future periods. 
Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2025 and 2024
Revenues
Fiscal Year Ended January 31, Variance
(in millions) 2025 2024 Dollars Percent
Subscription and support $ 35,679 $ 32,537 $ 3,142 10 %
Professional services and other 2,216 2,320 (104) (4) %
Total revenues $ 37,895 $ 34,857 $ 3,038 9 %
The increase in subscription and support revenues for fiscal 2025 was primarily caused by volume-driven increases from 
new business, which includes new customers, upgrades and additional subscriptions from existing customers. Pricing was not a 
significant driver of the increase in revenues for the period. Revenues from term software licenses, which are recognized at a 
point in time, represented approximately six percent and seven percent of total subscription and support revenues for fiscal 
2025 and 2024, respectively. Subscription and support revenues accounted for approximately 94 percent and 93 percent of our 
total revenues for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively.
The decrease in professional services and other revenues for fiscal 2025 was due primarily to less demand for larger, 
multi-year transformation engagements and, in some cases, delayed projects. These trends may continue in the near term.
Subscription and Support Revenues by Service Offering
Subscription and support revenues consisted of the following (in millions): 
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025
As a % of Total 
Subscription and 
Support Revenues 2024
As a % of Total 
Subscription and 
Support Revenues Growth Rate
Sales $ 8,322 23 % $ 7,580 23 % 10 %
Service 9,054 25 8,245 25 10 
Platform and Other 7,247 21 6,611 21 10 
Marketing and Commerce 5,281 15 4,912 15 8 
Integration and Analytics 5,775 16 5,189 16 11 
Total $ 35,679 100 % $ 32,537 100 % 10 %
Our industry vertical service offerings revenue is included in one of the above service offerings depending on the primary 
service purchased.
Integration and Analytics subscription and support revenues include revenues from term software licenses, which are 
recognized at the point in time when the software is made available to the customer. Therefore, we expect Integration and 
Analytics to experience greater volatility in revenues period to period compared to our other service offerings and recent 
revenue trends may not be indicative of future performance. Additionally, as we transition customers within the Integration and 
Analytics offering from term software licenses to subscription based services, revenue associated with such customers will 
generally be recognized ratably over the contract term, which we expect may potentially result in less revenue in the period the 
customer transitions but incremental revenues over the remaining term.
The following table sets forth selected balance sheet data and other metrics for each of the periods indicated (in millions, 
except remaining performance obligation, which is presented in billions):
46

Revenues by Geography
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
(in millions) 2025
As a % of Total 
Revenues 2024
As a % of Total 
Revenues Growth Rate
Americas $ 25,143 66 % $ 23,289 67 % 8 %
Europe 8,891 24 8,128 23 9 
Asia Pacific 3,861 10 3,440 10 12 
Total $ 37,895 100 % $ 34,857 100 % 9 %
Revenues by geography are determined based on the region of the Salesforce contracting entity, which may be different 
than the region of the customer. The increase in revenues across all regions was primarily due to the continued execution of our 
business and growth strategy, including increasing our geographic reach primarily through extending our go-to-market 
capabilities globally. Foreign currency did not contribute materially to the year over year fluctuations in revenue.
Cost of Revenues
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
Variance
(in millions) 2025 Dollars
As a % of Total 
Revenues 2024
As a % of Total 
Revenues
Subscription and support $ 6,198 16 % $ 6,177 18 % $ 21 
Professional services and other 2,445 7 % 2,364 7 % 81 
Total cost of revenues $ 8,643 23 % $ 8,541 25 % $ 102 
For fiscal 2025, the increase in cost of revenues in absolute dollars was primarily due to an increase in employee-related 
costs, including stock-based compensation expense, partially offset by a decrease in amortization of purchased intangibles and a 
decrease in service delivery expenses. Our cost of revenues headcount increased by seven percent during fiscal 2025, primarily 
in lower cost regions. Cost of revenues as a percentage of total revenues during fiscal 2025 decreased by two percent from the 
same period a year ago primarily due to our total revenues growth outpacing our cost of revenues growth.
We intend to continue to invest additional resources in enterprise cloud computing services to allow us to scale with our 
customers and continue to evolve our security measures. The timing of these expenses, which also includes the use of AI and 
agents, may cause our cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues to fluctuate over time due to changes in demand for our 
service offerings.
Operating Expenses
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
Variance
(in millions) 2025 Dollars
As a % of Total 
Revenues 2024
As a % of Total 
Revenues
Research and development $ 5,493 15 % $ 4,906 14 % $ 587 
Sales and marketing 13,257 35 12,877 37 380 
General and administrative 2,836 7 2,534 7 302 
Restructuring 461 1 988 3 (527) 
Total operating expenses $ 22,047 58 % $ 21,305 61 % $ 742 
For fiscal 2025, the increase in research and development expenses in absolute dollars was primarily due to an increase in 
employee-related costs, including stock-based compensation expense. Research and development expenses as a percentage of 
total revenues during fiscal 2025 increased by one percent from the same period a year ago primarily due to an increase in 
relative employee-related costs, including stock-based compensation expense. Our research and development headcount 
increased by 13 percent during fiscal 2025, primarily in lower cost regions.
We expect that research and development expenses will likely remain consistent as a percentage of revenue over time as 
we continue to invest in technology to support the development of new, and improve existing, technologies, including AI, 
agents and our Data Cloud service offerings, and the integration of acquired technologies.
For fiscal 2025, the increase in sales and marketing expenses in absolute dollars was primarily due to an increase in 
employee-related costs, including stock-based compensation expense. Sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of total 
revenues during fiscal 2025 decreased by two percent from the same period a year ago due to a decrease in relative employeerelated costs, including stock-based compensation expense and advertising expense. Our sales and marketing headcount 
increased by one percent during fiscal 2025, primarily in lower cost regions.
47

We expect that general and administrative expenses may decrease as a percentage of revenues over time as we continue 
to invest in process efficiency initiatives, which includes the use of AI and agents.
In fiscal 2025, approximately $461 million of costs were incurred related to our restructuring initiatives, which was 
primarily related to employee transitions, severance payments and employee benefits. We do not expect to incur significant 
additional charges in connection with our restructuring initiatives in the near term. 
Other Income and Expenses
Fiscal Year Ended January 31, Variance
(in millions) 2025 2024 Dollars
Losses on strategic investments, net $ (121) $ (277) $ 156 
Other income 354 216 138 
Losses on strategic investments, net consists primarily of mark-to-market adjustments related to our publicly held equity 
securities, observable price adjustments related to our privately held equity securities and other adjustments including 
impairments. Our strategic investment portfolio continues to be affected by challenging market conditions for companies in 
which we hold private equity, debt or other investments, as well as high public equity market volatility. In fiscal 2025 these 
factors resulted in impairments on privately-held equity and debt securities of $582 million, partially offset by $358 million in 
unrealized gains on privately held equity securities.
Other income primarily consists of interest income on our marketable securities portfolio, which is partially offset by 
interest expense on our debt as well as our finance leases. Other income increased in fiscal 2025 primarily due to an increase in 
investment income from higher interest rates.
Provision For Income Taxes
Fiscal Year Ended January 31, Variance
(in millions) 2025 2024 Dollars
Provision for income taxes $ (1,241) $ (814) $ (427) 
Effective tax rate 17 % 16 %
We recorded a tax provision of $1.2 billion on pretax income of $7.4 billion for fiscal 2025. Our tax provision increased 
from a year ago primarily due to higher pretax income. Our effective tax rate may fluctuate due to changes in our domestic and 
foreign earnings, or material discrete tax items, or a combination of these factors resulting from transactions or events, 
including acquisitions, changes to our operating structure and other macroeconomic factors.
Several countries have enacted legislation to implement the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development’s 
15% global minimum tax regime effective January 1, 2024. There was no material impact to our income tax provision for fiscal 
2025. We continue to evaluate the impacts of legislation in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Our effective tax rate and cash 
tax payment could increase in future years.
Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2024 and 2023
For a discussion of the year ended January 31, 2024 compared to the year ended January 31, 2023, refer to Part II, Item 7, 
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-
K for the year ended January 31, 2024.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
At January 31, 2025, our principal sources of liquidity were cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaling 
$14.0 billion and accounts receivable of $11.9 billion. Our cash equivalents and marketable securities are comprised primarily 
of corporate notes and obligations, U.S. treasury securities, U.S. agency obligations, asset-backed securities, foreign 
government obligations, mortgage-backed obligations, covered bonds, time deposits, money market mutual funds and 
municipal securities. Our Revolving Loan Credit Agreement (as defined below), which provides the ability to borrow up to $5.0 
billion in unsecured financing (the “Credit Facility”) as of January 31, 2025, also serves as a source of liquidity.
We expect that sales and marketing expenses may decrease as a percentage of revenues over time as we continue to focus 
on leveraging our self-serve and partner-led channels and increasing our sales productivity, which includes the use of AI and 
agents.
For fiscal 2025, the increase in general and administrative expenses in absolute dollars was primarily due to an increase 
in employee-related costs, including stock-based compensation expense, and professional services expenses. General and 
administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenues during fiscal 2025 was consistent with the same period a year ago. 
Our general and administrative headcount increased by three percent during fiscal 2025.
48

For fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023 our cash flows were as follows (in millions):
4 Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Net cash provided by operating activities $ 13,092 $ 10,234 $ 7,111 
Net cash used in investing activities (3,163) (1,327) (1,989) 
Net cash used in financing activities (9,429) (7,477) (3,562) 
Operating Activities
The net cash provided by operating activities during fiscal 2025 was primarily comprised of net income of $6.2 billion, 
adjusted for non-cash items, including $3.5 billion of depreciation and amortization and $3.2 billion of stock-based 
compensation expense. Net cash provided by operating activities can be significantly impacted by factors such as growth in 
new business, timing of cash receipts from customers, vendor payment terms and timing of payments to vendors. Net cash 
provided by operating activities during fiscal 2025 was further benefited by the changes in unearned revenue of $1.6 billion and 
accounts payable and accrued expenses and other liabilities of $1.1 billion, partially offset by the changes in costs capitalized to 
obtain revenue contracts, net of $2.1 billion, prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets of $1.5 billion and 
accounts receivable, net of $490 million. As our business continues to grow, and assuming our expenses remain in line with or 
less than our revenue growth, we expect to continue to see growth in net cash provided by operating activities.
The net cash provided by operating activities during fiscal 2024 was primarily comprised of net income of $4.1 billion, 
adjusted for non-cash items, including $4.0 billion of depreciation and amortization and $2.8 billion of stock-based 
compensation expense. Net cash provided by operating activities can be significantly impacted by factors such as growth in 
new business, timing of cash receipts from customers, vendor payment terms and timing of payments to vendors. Net cash 
provided by operating activities during fiscal 2024 was further benefited by the change in unearned revenue of $1.6 billion, 
partially offset by the changes in accounts receivable, net of $659 million and the change in accounts payable and accrued 
expenses and other liabilities of $478 million. 
Investing Activities
The net cash used in investing activities during fiscal 2025 was primarily related to net outflows for acquisitions of $2.7 
billion, net outflows from strategic investment activity of $413 million and capital expenditures of $658 million, partially offset 
by net inflows from marketable securities activity of $642 million.
The net cash used in investing activities during fiscal 2024 was primarily related to capital expenditures of $736 million, 
net outflows from strategic investment activity of $388 million, and net outflows related to marketable securities activity of 
$121 million.
Financing Activities
The net cash used in financing activities during fiscal 2025 was primarily related to $7.8 billion used for repurchases of 
common stock, $1.5 billion related to payments of dividends and $1.0 billion related to repayments of debt, partially offset by 
$1.5 billion from proceeds from equity plans.
Net cash used in financing activities during fiscal 2024 was primarily related to $7.6 billion from repurchases of common 
stock and $1.2 billion related to repayments of debt, partially offset by $2.0 billion from proceeds from equity plans.
Debt
As of January 31, 2025, we had senior unsecured debt outstanding, with maturities starting in April 2028 and extending 
through July 2061 with a total carrying value of $8.4 billion. We were in compliance with all debt covenants as of January 31, 
2025. 
Net cash provided by operating activities could continue to be affected by various risks and uncertainties, including, but 
not limited to, the risks detailed in Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors.” We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable 
securities, cash provided by operating activities, unbilled amounts related to contracted noncancellable subscription agreements, 
which are not reflected on the balance sheet, and, if necessary, our borrowing capacity under our Credit Facility will be 
sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditure and debt maintenance needs over the next 12 months and thereafter. 
In the future, we may enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, technologies 
and intellectual property rights. To facilitate these acquisitions or investments, we may seek additional equity or debt financing, 
which may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all, impacting our ability to complete subsequent acquisitions or 
investments.
Cash Flows
49

2025 2024 2023
Shares
Average 
price per 
share Amount Shares
Average 
price per 
share Amount Shares
Average 
price per 
share Amount
Fiscal year ended January 31 30 $ 260.12 $ 7,757 36 $ 210.30 $ 7,674 28 $ 144.94 $ 4,000 
All repurchases were made in open market transactions. As of January 31, 2025, we were authorized to purchase a 
remaining $10.6 billion of the Company’s common stock under the Share Repurchase Program. Subsequent to January 31, 
2025, we have incurred approximately $535 million through February 28, 2025 for additional shares under the Share 
Repurchase Program.
Dividends
We announced the following dividends (in millions, except dividend per share):
Record Date Payment Date Dividend per Share Amount
March 14, 2024 April 11, 2024 $ 0.40 $ 388 
July 9, 2024 July 25, 2024 $ 0.40 $ 388 
September 18, 2024 October 8, 2024 $ 0.40 $ 385 
December 18, 2024 January 9, 2025 $ 0.40 $ 388 
The declaration and payment of future cash dividends is subject to our Board continuing to determine that the declaration 
of dividends is in the best interests of the Company and our stockholders, after giving consideration to continued capital 
availability, general economic and market conditions, and applicable laws and agreements.
Contractual Obligations
Our principal commitments consist of obligations under leases for office space, co-location data center facilities and our 
development and test data center, as well as leases for computer equipment, software, furniture and fixtures. As of January 31, 
2025, the future noncancellable minimum payments under these commitments were approximately $4.0 billion, with payments 
of $1.0 billion due in the next 12 months and $3.0 billion due thereafter. In addition to our leasing arrangements, we have other 
contractual commitments associated with agreements that are enforceable and legally binding, including those with 
infrastructure service providers. As of January 31, 2025 our total commitments under these agreements were approximately 
$17.3 billion, of which payments of $2.8 billion are due in the next 12 months and $14.5 billion are due thereafter. We 
generally expect to satisfy these commitments with cash on hand and cash provided by operating activities. 
During fiscal 2025 and in future years, we have made, and expect to continue to make, additional investments in our 
infrastructure to scale our operations to increase productivity and enhance our security measures. We plan to upgrade or replace 
various internal systems to scale with our overall growth. While we continue to make investments in our infrastructure and with 
infrastructure service providers to provide capacity for the growth of our business, our strategy may continue to change related 
to these investments and we may slow the pace of our investments.
In October 2024, we entered into a Credit Agreement with the lenders and issuing lenders party thereto, and Bank of 
America, N.A., as administrative agent (the “Revolving Loan Credit Agreement”). The Revolving Loan Credit Agreement 
replaced the Credit Agreement, dated December 23, 2020 (as amended, the “Prior Credit Agreement”), among us, the lenders 
and the issuing lenders party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, which provided for a $3.0 billion unsecured 
revolving credit facility that was scheduled to mature on December 23, 2025. There were no outstanding borrowings under the 
Prior Credit Agreement. 
The Revolving Loan Credit Agreement provides for a $5.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility (“Credit Facility”) 
and matures in October 2029. We may use the proceeds of future borrowings under the Credit Facility for general corporate 
purposes. There were no outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility as of January 31, 2025.
We do not have any special purpose entities and we do not engage in off-balance sheet financing arrangements.
Share Repurchase Program
In August 2022, the Board authorized a program to repurchase up to $10.0 billion of our common stock (the “Share 
Repurchase Program”). The Share Repurchase Program does not have a fixed expiration date and does not obligate us to 
acquire any specific number of shares. In February 2023, the Board authorized an additional $10.0 billion in repurchases under 
the Share Repurchase Program. In February 2024, the Board authorized an additional $10.0 billion in repurchases under the 
Share Repurchase Program for an aggregate total authorization of $30.0 billion. 
We repurchased the following under the Share Repurchase Program (in millions, except average price per share):
50

Other Future Obligations
As of January 31, 2025, we expect approximately $300 million to $325 million in future cash payments related to our 
restructuring initiatives, primarily related to workforce costs such as severance payments. We generally expect to satisfy these 
commitments with cash on hand and cash provided by operating activities. 
Stakeholder Impact
We believe that business is the greatest platform for change. Guided by our values, we work to earn the trust of our 
stakeholders. Transparency is key to trust, which is why we have published an annual Stakeholder Impact Report for over ten 
years to keep our stakeholders informed and to hold ourselves accountable to our sustainability, impact and equality strategies. 
Our disclosures in these areas are also informed by topics identified through relevancy assessments and third-party ESG 
reporting organizations, frameworks and standards, such as the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (“SASB”) 
Standards. Read more about these initiatives and view our Stakeholder Impact Report at https://salesforce.com/stakeholderimpact-report. Website references throughout this document are provided for convenience only, and the content on the 
referenced websites is not incorporated by reference into this report.
51

2025 was minimally impacted by fluctuations in foreign currencies compared to fiscal 2024. In addition, fluctuations in foreign 
currencies negatively impacted our current remaining performance obligation growth rate as of January 31, 2025 by 
approximately two percent compared to what we would have reported as of January 31, 2024 using constant currency rates.
Interest Rate Sensitivity
As of January 31, 2025, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaling $14.0 billion. This amount was 
invested primarily in money market funds, time deposits, corporate notes and bonds, government securities and other debt 
securities with credit ratings of at least BBB or better. The cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities are held for general 
corporate purposes, including share repurchases, dividend payments, acquisitions of, or investments in, complementary 
businesses, services or technologies, working capital and capital expenditures. Our investments are made for capital 
preservation purposes. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes.
Our cash equivalents and our portfolio of marketable securities are subject to market risk due to changes in interest rates. 
Fixed-rate securities may have their market value adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities 
may produce less income than expected if interest rates fall. Due in part to these factors, our future investment income may fall 
short of expectations due to changes in interest rates or we may suffer losses in principal if we are forced to sell securities that 
decline in market value due to changes in interest rates. However, because we classify our debt securities as “available for sale,” 
no gains or losses are recognized in our consolidated statements of operations due to changes in interest rates. Gains or losses 
recognized in our consolidated statements of operations are limited to those related to either the sale of securities prior to 
maturity or expected credit losses. 
Our fixed-income portfolio is also subject to interest rate risk. An immediate increase or decrease in interest rates of 100 
basis points at January 31, 2025 could result in a $61 million market value reduction or increase of the same amount. This 
estimate is based on a sensitivity model that measures market value changes when changes in interest rates occur. Fluctuations 
in the value of our investment securities caused by a change in interest rates (gains or losses on the carrying value) are recorded 
in other comprehensive income, net, and are realized only if we sell the underlying securities.
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
We are exposed to financial market risks, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and equity 
investment risks. This exposure has increased due to recent financial market movements and changes to our expectations of 
near-term possible movements caused by the impact of the macroeconomic environment as discussed in more detail below.
Foreign Currency Exchange Risk
We primarily conduct our business in the following locations: the United States, Europe, Canada, Latin America, Asia 
Pacific and Japan. The expanding global scope of our business exposes us to the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency 
markets, including emerging markets. This exposure is the result of selling in multiple currencies, operating in countries where 
the functional currency is the local currency and growth in our international investments, including data center expansion, costs 
associated with third-party infrastructure providers and additional headcount in foreign countries. Specifically, our results of 
operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations in the following currencies: the Euro, British Pound Sterling, Japanese 
Yen, Canadian Dollar, Australian Dollar and Brazilian Real against the United States Dollar (“USD”). These exposures may 
change over time as business practices evolve and economic conditions change. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates 
could have an adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows. 
Foreign Currency Transaction Risk
Our foreign currency exposures typically arise from selling annual and multi-year subscriptions in multiple currencies, 
customer accounts receivable, intercompany transfer pricing arrangements and other intercompany transactions. Our foreign 
currency management objective is to minimize the effect of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on selected assets or 
liabilities without exposing us to additional risk associated with transactions that could be regarded as speculative. 
We pursue our objective by utilizing foreign currency forward contracts to offset foreign exchange risk. Our foreign 
currency forward contracts are generally short-term in duration. We neither use these foreign currency forward contracts for 
trading purposes nor do we currently designate these forward contracts as hedging instruments under the relevant accounting 
and financial reporting guidelines. Accordingly, we record the fair values of these contracts as of the end of our reporting period 
to our consolidated balance sheets with changes in fair values recorded to our consolidated statements of operations. Given the 
short duration of the forward contracts, the amount recorded is not significant. Our ultimate realized gain or loss with respect to 
foreign currency exposures will generally depend on the size and type of cross-currency transactions that we enter into, the 
currency exchange rates associated with these exposures and changes in those rates, the net realized gain or loss on our foreign 
currency forward contracts and other factors. 
Foreign Currency Translation Risk
Fluctuations in foreign currencies impact the amount of total assets, liabilities, revenues, operating expenses and cash 
flows that we report for our foreign subsidiaries upon the translation of these amounts into USD. Total revenue during fiscal 
52

We deposit our cash with multiple financial institutions. 
Debt
We maintain debt obligations that are subject to market interest risk, as follows (in millions): 
Instrument Maturity Date
Principal 
Outstanding 
as of January 
31, 2025
Interest 
Terms Contractual Interest Rate
Credit Facility October 2029 0 Floating N/A
2028 Senior Notes April 2028 1,500 Fixed 3.70
2028 Senior Sustainability Notes July 2028 1,000 Fixed 1.50
2031 Senior Notes July 2031 1,500 Fixed 1.95
2041 Senior Notes July 2041 1,250 Fixed 2.70
2051 Senior Notes July 2051 2,000 Fixed 2.90
2061 Senior Notes July 2061 1,250 Fixed 3.05
Any borrowings under our Credit Facility bear interest, at our option, at a base rate plus a spread of 0.00% or an adjusted 
benchmark rate plus a spread of 0.50% to 0.85%, in each case with such spread being determined based on our credit rating. We 
are also obligated to pay an ongoing commitment fee on undrawn amounts. As of January 31, 2025, there was no outstanding 
borrowing amount under the Credit Facility.
The bank counterparties to our derivative contracts potentially expose us to credit-related losses in the event of their 
nonperformance. To mitigate that risk, we only contract with counterparties who meet the minimum requirements under our 
counterparty risk assessment process. We monitor ratings, credit spreads and potential downgrades on at least a quarterly basis. 
Based on our ongoing assessment of counterparty risk, we adjust our exposure to various counterparties. We generally enter 
into master netting arrangements, which reduce credit risk by permitting net settlement of transactions with the same 
counterparty. However, we do not have any master netting arrangements in place with collateral features.
Strategic Investments
As of January 31, 2025, our strategic investment portfolio consisted of investments in over 400 companies with a 
combined carrying value of $4.9 billion, including four privately held investments with carrying values that were individually 
greater than five percent of the total strategic investments portfolio and represented 24 percent of the portfolio in aggregate. 
The following table sets forth additional information regarding active equity investments within our strategic investment 
portfolio as of January 31, 2025 and excludes exited investments (in millions):
Publicly held equity securities $ 34 $ 42 $ (7) $ 69 
Privately held equity securities 4,342 1,148 (748) 4,742
Total equity securities $ 4,376 $ 1,190 $ (755) $ 4,811 
Investment Type Capital Invested 
Unrealized Gains 
(Cumulative) 
Unrealized Losses 
(Cumulative)
Carrying Value as of 
January 31, 2025
Fluctuations in the value of our privately held equity securities are only recorded when there is an observable transaction 
for a same or similar security of the same issuer, or in the event of impairment. These investments are in various classes of 
equity with varying rights and preferences. The particular securities we hold, and their rights and preferences relative to other 
securities within the capital structure of a company, may impact the magnitude by which our investment value moves in relation 
to changes in the total fair value of that company. For example, our five largest privately held equity securities represent $1.3 
billion in total strategic investments as of January 31, 2025. If the enterprise value of the companies in which we hold those 
securities decreased by ten percent, the carrying value of our investment portfolio would decline by approximately $84 million. 
We anticipate future volatility in our consolidated statements of operations due to changes in market prices, observable price 
changes and impairments of our strategic investments. The resulting gains or losses could be material depending on market 
conditions and events, particularly in periods with economic uncertainty, inflation, volatile public equity markets or unsettled 
global market conditions.
We continually evaluate our investments in privately held and publicly traded companies. In certain cases, our ability to 
sell these investments may be impacted by contractual obligations to hold the securities for a set period of time after a public 
offering.
At January 31, 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaling $14.2 billion. Changes in interest 
rates of 100 basis points would have resulted in market value changes of $63 million.
Market Risk and Market Interest Risk
53

In addition, the financial success of our investment in any company is typically dependent on a liquidity event, such as a 
public offering, acquisition or other favorable market event reflecting appreciation to the cost of our initial investment. All of 
our investments, particularly those in privately held companies, are therefore subject to a risk of partial or total loss of invested 
capital.
54

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The following financial statements are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:
Page No.
Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 42) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 56
Consolidated Balance Sheets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 59
Consolidated Statements of Operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 61
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 62
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 63
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 65
55

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Salesforce, Inc.
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Salesforce, Inc. (the Company) as of January 31, 2025 and 
2024, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of 
the three years in the period ended January 31, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated 
financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial 
position of the Company at January 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three 
years in the period ended January 31, 2025, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) 
(PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2025, based on criteria established in 
Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 
(2013 framework), and our report dated March 5, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on 
the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are 
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable 
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the 
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to 
error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial 
statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included 
examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included 
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall 
presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that 
were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that 
are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The 
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as 
a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit 
matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.
56

Revenue Recognition
Description of 
the Matter
As described in Notes 1 and 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes 
revenue primarily from subscription and support services and professional services contracts in an 
amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or 
services. The Company enters into contracts with its customers that may include promises to transfer 
multiple cloud services, software licenses, premium support and professional services. Significant 
judgment may be required by the Company in determining revenue recognition for these customer 
agreements, including the determination of whether products and services are considered distinct 
performance obligations and the determination of standalone selling prices, particularly for products and 
services that are not sold separately.
Auditing the Company’s accounting for revenue contracts with customers required significant judgment 
to assess management’s determination of performance obligations and standalone selling prices.
How We 
Addressed the 
Matter in Our 
Audit
We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls 
over the Company’s process to identify performance obligations and allocate the transaction price to 
those performance obligations, including controls over determining standalone selling prices. 
To test the Company’s judgments and conclusions related to the identification of performance 
obligations and determination of standalone selling prices, our audit procedures included, among others, 
obtaining an understanding of the Company’s various service offerings and evaluating management’s 
conclusions regarding which were distinct. We read a sample of executed contracts to assess 
management’s evaluation of significant terms, including the determination of distinct performance 
obligations, and the related standalone selling price. We evaluated the information utilized to determine 
standalone selling price and we tested the mathematical accuracy of the Company’s calculations.
Impairment of Strategic Investments
Description of 
the Matter
As described in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company holds investments 
in privately held equity securities, which are assessed for impairment at least quarterly. The Company’s 
impairment analysis encompasses an assessment of both qualitative and quantitative factors, including 
the investee's financial metrics, market acceptance of the investee's product or technology and the rate at 
which the investee is using its cash. Significant judgment may be required by the Company in 
determining if an investment is impaired based on the information available about the investee.
Auditing the Company’s accounting for impairment of privately held equity securities required 
significant judgment to evaluate management’s assessment of impairment indicators to evaluate 
whether investments are impaired considering the current economic environment. 
How We 
Addressed the 
Matter in Our 
Audit
We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls 
over the Company’s process to identify impaired privately held equity securities, including controls 
over assessing impairment indicators. 
To test the Company’s judgments and conclusions related to impairment of privately held equity 
securities, our audit procedures included, among others, obtaining an understanding of the nature of the 
privately held equity securities and evaluating the Company’s assessment of both qualitative and 
quantitative factors. We read the Company’s analysis of a sample of investments and available 
information including financial metrics and cash usage. We evaluated the information available to 
determine the appropriateness of the Company’s conclusions of whether the investments are impaired.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2002.
San Francisco, California
March 5, 2025
57

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Salesforce, Inc.
Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
We have audited Salesforce, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2025, based on criteria established 
in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway 
Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Salesforce, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material 
respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2025, based on the COSO criteria.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) 
(PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of January 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated 
statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period 
ended January 31, 2025, and the related notes and our report dated March 5, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
Basis for Opinion
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its 
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report 
on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control 
over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be 
independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and 
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the 
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all 
material respects. 
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material 
weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and 
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a 
reasonable basis for our opinion.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the 
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures 
that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit 
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and 
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the 
company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, 
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate 
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
San Francisco, California
March 5, 2025
58

Salesforce, Inc.
Consolidated Balance Sheets
(in millions)
January 31, 2025 January 31, 2024
Assets
Current assets:
Cash and cash equivalents $ 8,848 $ 8,472 
Marketable securities 5,184 5,722 
Accounts receivable, net 11,945 11,414 
Costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net 1,971 1,905 
Prepaid expenses and other current assets 1,779 1,561 
Total current assets 29,727 29,074 
Property and equipment, net 3,236 3,689 
Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 2,157 2,366 
Noncurrent costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net 2,475 2,515 
Strategic investments 4,852 4,848 
Goodwill 51,283 48,620 
Intangible assets acquired through business combinations, net 4,428 5,278 
Deferred tax assets and other assets, net 4,770 3,433 
Total assets $ 102,928 $ 99,823 
Liabilities and stockholders’ equity
Current liabilities:
Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities $ 6,658 $ 6,111 
Operating lease liabilities, current 579 518 
Unearned revenue 20,743 19,003 
Debt, current 0 999 
Total current liabilities 27,980 26,631 
Noncurrent debt 8,433 8,427 
Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 2,380 2,644 
Other noncurrent liabilities 2,962 2,475 
Total liabilities 41,755 40,177 
Commitments and contingencies (See Notes 6 and 14)
Stockholders’ equity:
Preferred stock, $0.001 par value; 5 shares authorized and none issued and 
outstanding 0 0 
Common stock, $0.001 par value; 1,600 shares authorized, 1,056 and 1,035 
shares issued as of January 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, and 962 and 971 
shares outstanding as of January 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively 1 1 
Treasury stock, at cost (19,507) (11,692) 
Additional paid-in capital 64,576 59,841 
Accumulated other comprehensive loss (266) (225)
Retained earnings 16,369 11,721 
Total stockholders’ equity 61,173 59,646 
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 102,928 $ 99,823 
See accompanying Notes.
59

Salesforce, Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Operations 
(in millions, except per share data)
4 Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Revenues:
Subscription and support $ 35,679 $ 32,537 $ 29,021 
Professional services and other 2,216 2,320 2,331 
Total revenues 37,895 34,857 31,352 
Cost of revenues (1)(2):
Subscription and support 6,198 6,177 5,821 
Professional services and other 2,445 2,364 2,539 
Total cost of revenues 8,643 8,541 8,360 
Gross profit 29,252 26,316 22,992 
Operating expenses (1)(2):
Research and development 5,493 4,906 5,055 
Sales and marketing 13,257 12,877 13,526 
General and administrative 2,836 2,534 2,553 
Restructuring 461 988 828 
Total operating expenses 22,047 21,305 21,962 
Income from operations 7,205 5,011 1,030 
Losses on strategic investments, net (121) (277) (239) 
Other income (expense) 354 216 (131) 
Income before provision for income taxes 7,438 4,950 660 
Provision for income taxes (1,241) (814) (452)
Net income $ 6,197 $ 4,136 $ 208 
Basic net income per share $ 6.44 $ 4.25 $ 0.21 
Diluted net income per share $ 6.36 $ 4.20 $ 0.21 
Shares used in computing basic net income per share 962 974 992 
Shares used in computing diluted net income per share 974 984 997 
(1) Amounts include amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations, as follows:
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Cost of revenues $ 750 $ 978 $ 1,035 
Sales and marketing 901 891 916 
(2) Amounts include stock-based compensation expense, as follows:
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Cost of revenues $ 518 $ 431 $ 499 
Research and development 1,091 972 1,136 
Sales and marketing 1,205 1,062 1,256 
General and administrative 367 299 368 
Restructuring 2 23 20 
See accompanying Notes.
60

Salesforce, Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
(in millions)
4 Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Net income $ 6,197 $ 4,136 $ 208 
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of reclassification adjustments:
Foreign currency translation and other losses (66) (11) (35) 
Unrealized gains (losses) on marketable securities and privately held debt 
securities 31 83 (94) 
Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax (35) 72 (129) 
Tax effect (6) (23) 21 
Other comprehensive income (loss), net (41) 49 (108) 
Comprehensive income $ 6,156 $ 4,185 $ 100 
See accompanying Notes.
61

Salesforce, Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity
(in millions)
Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional
Paid-in
Capital
Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income/(Loss)
Retained 
Earnings
Total
Stockholders’
Shares Amount Shares Amount Equity
Balance at January 31, 2022 989 1 0 0 50,919 (166) 7,377 58,131 
Common stock issued 20 0 0 0 849 0 0 849 
Common stock repurchased 0 0 (28) (4,000) 0 0 0 (4,000) 
Stock-based compensation 0 0 0 0 3,279 0 3,279 
Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 0 0 0 0 0 (108) 0 (108) 
Net income 0 0 0 0 0 0 208 208 
Balance at January 31, 2023 1,009 1 (28) (4,000) 55,047 (274) 7,585 58,359 
Common stock issued 26 0 0 0 1,994 0 0 1,994 
Common stock repurchased 0 0 (36) (7,692) 0 0 0 (7,692) 
Stock-based compensation 0 0 0 0 2,800 0 0 2,800 
Other comprehensive income, net of tax 0 0 0 0 0 49 0 49 
Net income 0 0 0 0 0 0 4,136 4,136 
Balance at January 31, 2024 1,035 1 (64) (11,692) 59,841 (225) 11,721 59,646 
Common stock issued 21 0 0 0 1,535 0 0 1,535 
Common stock repurchased 0 0 (30) (7,815) 0 0 0 (7,815) 
Stock-based compensation 0 0 0 0 3,200 0 0 3,200 
Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 0 0 0 0 0 (41) 0 (41) 
Cash dividends declared 0 0 0 0 0 0 (1,549) (1,549) 
Net income 0 0 0 0 0 0 6,197 6,197 
Balance at January 31, 2025 1,056 1 (94) (19,507) 64,576 (266) 16,369 61,173 
See accompanying Notes.
62

Salesforce, Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(in millions)
4 Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Operating activities:
Net income $ 6,197 $ 4,136 $ 208 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating 
activities:
Depreciation and amortization (1) 3,477 3,959 3,786 
Amortization of costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net 2,095 1,925 1,668 
Stock-based compensation expense 3,183 2,787 3,279 
Losses on strategic investments, net 121 277 239 
Changes in assets and liabilities, net of business combinations:
Accounts receivable, net (490) (659) (995) 
Costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net (2,121) (1,872) (2,345) 
Prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets (1,495) (843) (302)
Accounts payable and accrued expenses and other liabilities 1,089 (478) 528
Operating lease liabilities (548) (621) (699) 
Unearned revenue 1,584 1,623 1,744 
Net cash provided by operating activities 13,092 10,234 7,111 
Investing activities:
Business combinations, net of cash acquired (2,734) (82) (439)
Purchases of strategic investments (539) (496) (550) 
Sales of strategic investments 126 108 355 
Purchases of marketable securities (6,879) (3,761) (4,777) 
Sales of marketable securities 4,143 1,511 1,771 
Maturities of marketable securities 3,378 2,129 2,449 
Capital expenditures (658) (736) (798) 
Net cash used in investing activities (3,163) (1,327) (1,989) 
Financing activities:
Repurchases of common stock (7,829) (7,620) (4,000) 
Proceeds from employee stock plans 1,540 1,954 861 
Principal payments on financing obligations (603) (629) (419) 
Repayments of debt (1,000) (1,182) (4) 
Payments of dividends (1,537) 0 0 
Net cash used in financing activities (9,429) (7,477) (3,562) 
Effect of exchange rate changes (124) 26 (8) 
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 376 1,456 1,552 
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 8,472 7,016 5,464 
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period $ 8,848 $ 8,472 $ 7,016 
(1) Includes amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations, depreciation of fixed assets and
amortization and impairment of right-of-use assets.
See accompanying Notes.
63

Salesforce, Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosure
(in millions)
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Supplemental cash flow disclosure:
Cash paid during the period for:
Interest $ 233 $ 254 $ 275 
Income taxes, net of tax refunds $ 2,061 $ 1,027 $ 510 
See accompanying Notes.
64

Salesforce, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
1. Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies
Description of Business
Salesforce, Inc. (the “Company”) is a global leader in customer relationship management technology that brings 
companies and customers together. With the deeply unified Salesforce Platform, the Company delivers a single source of truth, 
connecting customer data with integrated artificial intelligence (“AI”) across systems, apps and devices to help companies sell, 
service, market and conduct commerce from anywhere. During the third quarter of fiscal 2025, the Company introduced 
Agentforce, a new layer of the trusted Salesforce Platform that enables companies to build and deploy AI agents that can 
respond to inputs, make decisions and take action autonomously across business functions. Agentforce includes a suite of 
customizable agents for use across sales, service, marketing and commerce. Since its founding in 1999, the Company has 
pioneered innovations in cloud, mobile, social, analytics and AI, enabling companies of every size and industry to transform 
their businesses in the digital-first world.
Fiscal Year
The Company’s fiscal year ends on January 31. References to fiscal 2025, for example, refer to the fiscal year ending 
January 31, 2025.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and 
assumptions in the Company’s consolidated financial statements and notes thereto.
Significant estimates and assumptions made by management include the determination of:
• the standalone selling price (“SSP”) of performance obligations for revenue contracts with multiple performance
obligations;
• the valuation of privately-held strategic investments;
• the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed for business combinations;
• the recognition, measurement and valuation of current and deferred income taxes and uncertain tax positions;
• the useful lives of intangible assets; and
• the fair value of certain stock awards issued.
Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and
on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, which forms the basis for making judgments about the carrying 
values of assets and liabilities as well as income and expenses to be recognized. 
Principles of Consolidation
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All 
significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
Segments
The Company operates as one operating segment. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for 
which separate financial information is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”), who is the 
Company’s Chief Executive Officer, in deciding how to allocate resources and assess performance. Over the past few years, the 
Company has completed a number of acquisitions which have allowed the Company to expand its offerings, presence and reach 
in various market segments of the enterprise cloud computing market. While the Company has offerings in multiple enterprise 
cloud computing market segments, including as a result of the Company's acquisitions, and operates in multiple countries, the 
Company’s business operates in one operating segment because most of the Company's service offerings operate on the 
Salesforce Platform and are deployed in a nearly identical manner, and the Company’s CODM evaluates the Company’s 
financial information and resources, and assesses the performance of these resources, on a consolidated net income basis. 
Additionally, the measure of segment assets is reported on the balance sheet as total consolidated assets.
The Company’s significant segment expenses, which are the expenses included in operating income as well as losses on 
strategic investments, and other segment items, which includes other income (expense) and benefit from (provision for) income 
taxes, are included in the Company’s consolidated statement of operations. Additionally, further components of the Company’s 
measure of profit or loss, which is net income, are included throughout the Company’s financial statements.
65

January 31, 2025, the Company held four investments, all privately held, with carrying values that were individually greater 
than five percent of its total strategic investments portfolio and represented approximately 24 percent of the portfolio in the 
aggregate. As of January 31, 2024, the Company held two investments, both privately held, with carrying values that were 
individually greater than five percent of its strategic investments portfolio and represented approximately 16 percent of the 
portfolio in the aggregate. 
Revenue Recognition
The Company derives its revenues from two sources: (1) subscription and support revenues and (2) professional services 
and other revenues. Subscription and support revenues include subscription fees from customers accessing the Company’s 
enterprise cloud computing services (collectively, “Cloud Services”), software license revenues from the sales of term software 
licenses and support revenues from the sales of support and updates beyond the basic subscription or software license sales. 
Professional services and other revenues include professional and advisory services for process mapping, project management 
and implementation services and training services.
Revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised products and services to customers in an amount that reflects 
the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. If the consideration promised in a 
contract includes a variable amount, for example, overage fees, contingent fees or service level penalties, the Company includes 
an estimate of the amount it expects to receive for the total transaction price if it is probable that a significant reversal of 
cumulative revenue recognized will not occur.
The Company determines the amount of revenue to be recognized through the application of the following steps:
• identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer;
• identification of the performance obligations in the contract;
• determination of the transaction price;
• allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and
• recognition of revenue when or as the Company satisfies the performance obligations.
Subscription and Support Revenues
Subscription and support revenues are comprised of fees that provide customers with access to Cloud Services, software
licenses and related support and updates during the term of the arrangement. 
Cloud Services allow customers to use the Company's multi-tenant software without taking possession of the software. 
Revenue is generally recognized ratably over the contract term. Substantially all of the Company’s subscription service 
arrangements are noncancellable and do not contain refund-type provisions.
Subscription and support revenues also include revenues associated with term software licenses that provide the customer 
with a right to use the software as it exists when made available. Revenues from term software licenses are generally recognized 
Concentrations of Credit Risk, Significant Customers and Investments
The Company’s financial instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash 
equivalents, marketable securities and accounts receivable. The Company monitors and manages the overall exposure of its 
cash balances to individual financial institutions on an ongoing basis. The Company’s marketable securities portfolio consists 
primarily of investment-grade securities and the Company’s policies limit the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. The 
Company does not require collateral for accounts receivable. The Company maintains an allowance for its doubtful accounts 
receivable for estimated credit losses. This allowance is based upon historical loss patterns, the number of days that billings are 
past due, an evaluation of the potential risk of loss associated with delinquent accounts and current market conditions and 
reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions to inform adjustments to historical loss patterns. The 
Company records the allowance against bad debt expense through the consolidated statements of operations, included in 
general and administrative expense, up to the amount of revenues recognized to date. Any incremental allowance is recorded as 
an offset to unearned revenue on the consolidated balance sheets. Receivables are written off and charged against the recorded 
allowance when the Company has exhausted collection efforts without success. 
No single customer accounted for ten percent or more of accounts receivable as of January 31, 2025 and January 31, 
2024. No single customer accounted for ten percent or more of total revenue during fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023. As of January 
31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, assets located outside the Americas were 17 percent and 16 percent of total assets, respectively. 
As of January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, assets located in the United States were 81 percent and 82 percent of total assets, 
respectively.
The Company is also exposed to concentrations of risk in its strategic investment portfolio, including within specific 
industries, as the Company primarily invests in enterprise cloud companies, technology startups and system integrators. As of 
66

at the point in time when the software is made available to the customer. Revenue from software support and updates is 
recognized as the support and updates are provided, which is generally ratably over the contract term.
The Company typically invoices its customers annually and its payment terms provide that customers pay within 30 days 
of invoice. Amounts that have been invoiced are recorded in accounts receivable and in unearned revenue or revenue, 
depending on whether transfer of control to customers has occurred.
Professional Services and Other Revenues
The Company’s professional services contracts are either on a time and materials, fixed price or subscription basis. These 
revenues are recognized as the services are rendered for time and materials contracts, on a proportional performance basis for 
fixed price contracts or ratably over the contract term for subscription professional services contracts. Other revenues consist 
primarily of training revenues recognized as such services are performed.
Significant Judgments - Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations
The Company enters into contracts with its customers that may include promises to transfer multiple performance 
obligations such as Cloud Services, software licenses, support and updates and professional services. A performance obligation 
is a promise in a contract with a customer to transfer products or services that are concluded to be distinct. Determining whether 
products and services are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately or combined as one unit of 
accounting may require significant judgment.
Cloud Services, software licenses and support and updates services are generally concluded to be distinct because such 
offerings are often sold separately. In determining whether professional services are distinct, the Company considers the 
following factors for each professional services agreement: availability of the services from other vendors, the nature of the 
professional services, the timing of when the professional services contract was signed in comparison to the subscription start 
date and the contractual dependence of the service on the customer’s satisfaction with the professional services work. To date, 
the Company has concluded that professional services included in contracts with multiple performance obligations are distinct.
The Company allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative SSP basis. The SSP is the price 
at which the Company would sell a promised product or service separately to a customer. Judgment is required to determine the 
SSP for each distinct performance obligation.
The Company determines SSP by considering its overall pricing objectives and market conditions. Significant pricing 
practices taken into consideration include the Company’s discounting practices, the size and volume of the Company’s 
transactions, the customer demographic, the geographic area where services are sold, price lists, the Company's go-to-market 
strategy, historical and current sales and contract prices. In instances where the Company does not sell or price a product or 
service separately, the Company maximizes the use of observable inputs by using information that may include market 
conditions. As the Company’s go-to-market strategies evolve, the Company may modify its pricing practices in the future, 
which could result in changes to SSP.
In certain cases, the Company is able to establish SSP based on observable prices of products or services sold or priced 
separately in comparable circumstances to similar customers. The Company uses a single amount to estimate SSP when 
indicated by the distribution of its observable prices.
Alternatively, the Company uses a range of amounts to estimate SSP when the pricing practices or distribution of the 
observable prices are highly variable. The Company typically has more than one SSP for individual products and services due 
to the stratification of those products and services by customer size and geography.
Costs Capitalized to Obtain Revenue Contracts
The Company capitalizes incremental costs of obtaining revenue contracts related to noncancellable Cloud Services 
subscription, ongoing Cloud Services support and license support and updates. For contracts with term software licenses where 
revenue is recognized upfront when the software is made available to the customer, costs allocable to those licenses are 
expensed as they are incurred. Capitalized amounts consist primarily of sales commissions paid to the Company’s direct sales 
force. Capitalized amounts also include (1) amounts paid to employees other than the direct sales force who earn incentive 
payouts under annual compensation plans that are tied to the value of contracts acquired, (2) commissions paid to employees 
upon renewals of subscription and support contracts, (3) the associated payroll taxes and fringe benefit costs associated with the 
payments to the Company’s employees and (4) to a lesser extent, success fees paid to partners in emerging markets where the 
Company has a limited presence. 
Costs capitalized related to new revenue contracts are amortized on a straight-line basis over four years, which is longer 
than the typical initial contract period, but reflects the estimated average period of benefit, including expected contract 
renewals. In arriving at this average period of benefit, the Company evaluates both qualitative and quantitative factors which 
included the estimated life cycles of its offerings and its customer attrition. Additionally, the Company amortizes capitalized 
costs for renewals and success fees paid to partners over two years. 
67

The capitalized amounts are recoverable through future revenue streams under all noncancellable customer contracts. The 
Company periodically evaluates whether there have been any changes in its business, the market conditions in which it operates 
or other events which would indicate that its amortization period should be changed or if there are potential indicators of 
impairment. 
Amortization of capitalized costs to obtain revenue contracts is included in sales and marketing expense in the 
accompanying consolidated statements of operations. There were no impairments of costs to obtain revenue contracts for fiscal 
2025 and 2024. 
Cash and Cash Equivalents
The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be 
cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are stated at fair value.
Marketable Securities
The Company considers all of its marketable debt securities as available for use in current operations, including those 
with maturity dates beyond one year, and therefore classifies these securities within current assets on the consolidated balance 
sheets. Securities are classified as available for sale and are carried at fair value, with the change in unrealized gains and losses, 
net of tax, reported as a separate component on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income until realized. Fair value 
is determined based on quoted market rates when observable or utilizing data points that are observable, such as quoted prices, 
interest rates and yield curves. Securities with an amortized cost basis in excess of estimated fair value are assessed to 
determine what amount of the excess, if any, is caused by expected credit losses. Expected credit losses on securities are 
recognized in other income on the consolidated statements of operations and any remaining unrealized losses, net of taxes, are 
included in accumulated other comprehensive loss in stockholders' equity. For the purposes of computing realized and 
unrealized gains and losses, the cost of securities sold is based on the specific-identification method. Interest on securities 
classified as available for sale is included as a component of investment income within other income on the consolidated 
statements of operations.
Strategic Investments
The Company holds strategic investments in privately held debt and equity securities and publicly held equity securities 
in which the Company does not have a controlling interest. 
Privately held equity securities where the Company lacks a controlling financial interest but does exercise significant 
influence are accounted for under the equity method. Privately held equity securities not accounted for under the equity method 
are recorded at cost and adjusted only for observable transactions for same or similar investments of the same issuer or 
impairment events (referred to as the measurement alternative). All gains and losses on privately held equity securities, realized 
and unrealized, are recorded through losses on strategic investments, net on the consolidated statements of operations. Privately 
held debt securities are recorded at fair value with changes in fair value recorded through accumulated other comprehensive 
loss on the consolidated balance sheets. Other privately held investments not classified as debt or equity securities are recorded 
at cost and adjusted for impairment events, with any associated gains and losses recorded through losses on strategic 
investments, net on the consolidated statements of operations.
Valuations of privately held securities are inherently complex and require judgment due to the lack of readily available 
market data. In determining the estimated fair value of its strategic investments in privately held companies, the Company 
utilizes the most recent data available to the Company. The Company assesses its privately held strategic investments quarterly 
for impairment. The Company’s impairment analysis encompasses an assessment of both qualitative and quantitative factors, 
including the investee's financial metrics, market acceptance of the investee's product or technology and the rate at which the 
investee is using its cash. If the investment is considered impaired, the Company estimates the fair value of the investment and 
recognizes any resulting impairment through the consolidated statements of operations.
Publicly held equity securities are measured at fair value with changes recorded through losses on strategic investments, 
net on the consolidated statements of operations.
Fair Value Measurement
The Company measures its cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, publicly held equity securities and foreign 
currency derivative contracts at fair value. In addition, the Company measures certain of its strategic investments, including its 
privately held debt and equity securities, at fair value on a nonrecurring basis when there has been an observable price change 
in a same or similar security or an impairment event. The additional disclosures regarding the Company’s fair value 
measurements are included in Note 4 “Fair Value Measurement.”
68

Buildings and building improvements 10 to 40 years
Computers, equipment and software 3 to 5 years
Furniture and fixtures 5 years
Leasehold improvements Shorter of the estimated lease term or 10 years
The Company estimates the useful lives of property and equipment upon initial recognition and periodically evaluates the 
useful lives and whether events or changes in circumstances warrant a revision to the useful lives.
When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed 
from their respective accounts and any loss on such retirement is reflected in operating expenses.
Leases 
The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception and classifies its leases at commencement. Operating 
leases are included in operating lease right-of-use (“ROU”) assets and current and noncurrent operating lease liabilities on the 
Company’s consolidated balance sheets. Assets (also referred to as ROU assets) and liabilities recognized from finance leases 
are included in property and equipment, accrued expenses and other liabilities and other noncurrent liabilities, respectively, on 
the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. ROU assets represent the Company's right to use an underlying asset for the lease 
term. The corresponding lease liabilities represent its obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. The Company 
does not recognize ROU assets or lease liabilities for leases with a term of 12 months or less for any asset classes.
Lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term at 
commencement, net of any future tenant incentives. The Company has lease agreements which contain both lease and non-lease 
components, which it has elected to combine for all asset classes. As such, minimum lease payments include fixed payments for 
non-lease components within a lease agreement but exclude variable lease payments not dependent on an index or rate, such as 
common area maintenance, operating expenses, utilities, or other costs that are subject to fluctuation from period to period. The 
Company’s lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease. Periods beyond the noncancellable term of the 
lease are included in the measurement of the lease liability only when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise the 
associated extension option or waive the termination option. The Company reassesses the lease term if and when a significant 
event or change in circumstances occurs within the control of the Company. As most of the Company’s leases do not provide an 
implicit rate, the net present value of future minimum lease payments is determined using the Company’s incremental 
borrowing rate. The Company's incremental borrowing rate is an estimate of the interest rate the Company would have to pay to 
borrow on a collateralized basis with similar terms and payments, in the economic environment where the leased asset is 
located.
The lease ROU asset is recognized based on the lease liability, adjusted for any rent payments or initial direct costs 
incurred or tenant incentives received prior to commencement. 
Derivative Financial Instruments
The Company enters into foreign currency derivative contracts with financial institutions to reduce foreign exchange risk 
associated with intercompany transactions and other monetary assets or liabilities denominated in currencies other than the 
functional currency of a subsidiary. The Company uses forward currency derivative contracts, which are not designated as 
hedging instruments, to minimize the Company’s exposure to balances primarily denominated in the Euro, British Pound 
Sterling, Canadian Dollar, Australian Dollar, Brazilian Real and Japanese Yen. The Company’s derivative financial instruments 
program is not designated for trading or speculative purposes. The Company generally enters into master netting arrangements 
with the financial institutions with which it contracts for such derivatives, which permit net settlement of transactions with the 
same counterparty, thereby reducing risk of credit-related losses from a financial institutions' nonperformance. While the 
contract or notional amount is often used to express the volume of foreign currency derivative contracts, the amounts 
potentially subject to credit risk are generally limited to the amounts, if any, by which the counterparties’ obligations under the 
agreements exceed the obligations of the Company to the counterparties. The notional amount of outstanding foreign currency 
derivative contracts as of January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024 was $10.7 billion and $8.6 billion, respectively. 
Outstanding foreign currency derivative contracts are recorded at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets. Unrealized 
gains or losses due to changes in the fair value of these derivative contracts, as well as realized gains or losses from their net 
settlement, are recognized as other income (expense) in the consolidated statements of operations consistent with the offsetting 
gains or losses resulting from the remeasurement or settlement of the underlying foreign currency denominated receivables and 
payables.
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line 
basis over the estimated useful lives of those assets as follows:
69

Lease expense for operating leases, which includes amortization expense of ROU assets, is recognized on a straight-line 
basis over the lease term. Amortization expense of finance lease ROU assets is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease 
term and interest expense for finance lease liabilities is recognized based on the incremental borrowing rate. Expense for 
variable lease payments is recognized as incurred.
On the lease commencement date, the Company also establishes assets and liabilities for the present value of estimated 
future costs to retire long-lived assets at the termination or expiration of a lease. Such assets are included in property and 
equipment, net and are amortized over the lease term.
The Company has entered into subleases or has made decisions and taken actions to exit and sublease certain unoccupied 
leased office space. Similar to other long-lived assets discussed below, management tests ROU assets for impairment whenever 
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. For leased assets, 
such circumstances would include the decision to leave a leased facility prior to the end of the minimum lease term or subleases 
for which estimated cash flows do not fully cover the costs of the associated lease.
Intangible Assets Acquired through Business Combinations
Intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives. Each period, the Company evaluates the estimated 
remaining useful life of its intangible assets and whether events or changes in circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining 
period of amortization.
Impairment Assessment
The Company evaluates intangible assets and other long-lived assets for possible impairment whenever events or changes 
in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable, including, but not limited to, 
significant adverse changes in business climate, market conditions or other events that indicate an asset's carrying amount may 
not be recoverable. Recoverability of these assets is measured by comparing the carrying amount of each asset group to the 
future undiscounted cash flows the asset is expected to generate. If the undiscounted cash flows used in the test for 
recoverability are less than the carrying amount of these assets, the carrying amount of such assets is reduced to fair value. 
The Company evaluates and tests the recoverability of its goodwill for impairment annually during its fourth quarter of 
each fiscal year or more often if and when circumstances indicate that goodwill may not be recoverable. 
Business Combinations
The Company uses its best estimates and assumptions to assign fair value to the tangible and intangible assets acquired 
and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. The Company’s estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. 
During the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments 
to the fair value of these tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to 
goodwill. In addition, uncertain tax positions, tax-related valuation allowances and pre-acquisition contingencies are initially 
recorded in connection with a business combination as of the acquisition date. The Company continues to collect information 
and reevaluates these estimates and assumptions quarterly and records any adjustments to the Company’s preliminary estimates 
to goodwill provided that the Company is within the measurement period. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or 
final determination of the fair value of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments 
are recorded to the Company’s consolidated statements of operations.
In the event the Company acquires an entity with which the Company has a preexisting relationship, the Company will 
generally recognize a gain or loss to settle that relationship as of the acquisition date within operating income on the 
consolidated statements of operations. In the event that the Company acquires an entity in which the Company previously held 
a strategic investment, the difference between the fair value of the shares as of the date of the acquisition and the carrying value 
of the strategic investment is recorded as a gain or loss and recorded within losses on strategic investments, net in the 
consolidated statements of operations.
Restructuring 
The Company generally recognizes employee severance costs when payments are probable and amounts are estimable or 
when notification occurs, depending on the region an employee works. Costs related to contracts without future benefit or 
contract termination are recognized at the earlier of the contract termination or the cease-use dates. Other exit-related costs are 
recognized as incurred. 
Stock-Based Compensation Expense
Stock-based compensation expense is measured based on grant date at fair value using the grant date closing stock price 
for restricted stock units and restricted stock awards and using the Black-Scholes option pricing model for stock options. The 
Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense related to restricted stock units, restricted stock awards, and stock 
70

options on a straight-line basis, net of estimated forfeitures, over the requisite service period of the awards, which is generally 
the vesting term of four years. The estimated forfeiture rate applied is based on historical forfeiture rates.
The Company grants performance share awards to executive officers and other members of senior management, which 
may include a market condition, a performance condition, or both. Stock-based compensation expense related to awards with a 
market condition are measured at fair value using a Monte Carlo simulation model and the expense related to these awards is 
recognized on a graded-vesting basis, net of estimated forfeitures, over the requisite service period of the awards, which is 
generally the vesting term. Stock-based compensation expense related to awards with a performance condition are measured 
based on the grant date closing stock price and the expense related to these awards is recognized based on the requisite service 
period elapsed, as well as the probability of achievement and estimated attainment of the performance condition as of the end of 
our reporting period.
Stock-based compensation expense related to the Company’s Amended and Restated 2004 Employee Stock Purchase 
Plan (“ESPP” or “2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan”) is measured based on grant date at fair value using the Black-Scholes 
option pricing model. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense related to shares issued pursuant to the 2004 
Employee Stock Purchase Plan on a straight-line basis over the offering period, which is 12 months. The ESPP allows 
employees to purchase shares of the Company's common stock at a 15 percent discount from the lower of the Company’s stock 
price on (i) the first day of the offering period or on (ii) the last day of the purchase period. The ESPP also allows employees to 
reduce their percentage election once during a six-month purchase period (December 15 and June 15 of each fiscal year), but 
not to increase that election until the next one-year offering period. The ESPP includes a reset provision for the purchase price 
if the stock price on the purchase date is less than the stock price on the offering date.
The Company, at times, grants unvested restricted shares to employee stockholders of certain acquired companies in lieu 
of cash consideration. These awards are generally subject to continued post-acquisition employment. Therefore, the Company 
accounts for them as post-acquisition stock-based compensation expense. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation 
expense equal to the grant date fair value of the restricted stock awards, based on the closing stock price on grant date, on a 
straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the awards, which is generally four years. 
Advertising Expenses
Advertising is expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was $1.0 billion, $1.1 billion and $1.0 billion for fiscal 2025, 
2024 and 2023, respectively.
Income Taxes
The Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets 
and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and 
liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect on deferred 
tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax laws is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations in the period that 
includes the enactment date.
The Company’s tax positions are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. The 
Company recognizes the tax benefit of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable 
upon examination by the taxing authority, solely based on its technical merits. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the 
largest amount of benefit which is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the taxing authority. The 
Company recognizes interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the income tax provision.
Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts that are more likely 
than not expected to be realized based on the weighting of positive and negative evidence. Future realization of deferred tax 
assets ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character (for example, ordinary 
income or capital gain) within the carryback or carryforward periods available under the applicable tax law. The Company 
regularly reviews the deferred tax assets for recoverability based on historical taxable income, projected future taxable income, 
the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. The Company’s judgments 
regarding future profitability may change due to many factors, including future market conditions and the ability to successfully 
execute its business plans. Should there be a change in the ability to recover deferred tax assets, the tax provision would 
increase or decrease in the period in which the assessment is changed.
Foreign Currency Translation
The functional currency of the Company’s major foreign subsidiaries is generally the local currency. All assets and 
liabilities denominated in a foreign currency are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. 
Revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rate during the period. Equity transactions are translated using 
historical exchange rates. Adjustments resulting from translating foreign functional currency financial statements into U.S. 
71

Disaggregation of Revenue
Subscription and Support Revenue by the Company's Service Offerings
Subscription and support revenues consisted of the following (in millions):
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Sales $ 8,322 $ 7,580 $ 6,831 
Service 9,054 8,245 7,369 
Platform and Other 7,247 6,611 5,967 
Marketing and Commerce 5,281 4,912 4,516 
Integration and Analytics (1) 5,775 5,189 4,338 
$ 35,679 $ 32,537 $ 29,021 
(1) In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company renamed the service offering previously referred to as Data to Integration
and Analytics, which includes MuleSoft and Tableau.
dollars are recorded as a separate component on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Foreign currency 
transaction gains and losses are included in other income in the consolidated statements of operations. 
Warranties and Indemnification
The Company’s arrangements generally include certain provisions for indemnifying customers against liabilities if its 
products or services infringe on a third party’s intellectual property rights. To date, the Company has not incurred any material 
costs as a result of such obligations and has not accrued any material liabilities related to such obligations in the accompanying 
consolidated financial statements.
The Company has also agreed to indemnify its directors and executive officers for costs associated with any fees, 
expenses, judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by any of these persons in any action or proceeding to which any of 
those persons is, or is threatened to be, made a party by reason of the person’s service as a director or officer, including any 
action by the Company, arising out of that person’s services as the Company’s director or officer or that person’s services 
provided to any other company or enterprise at the Company’s request. The Company maintains director and officer insurance 
coverage that would generally enable the Company to recover a portion of any future amounts paid. The Company may also be 
subject to indemnification obligations by law with respect to the actions of its employees under certain circumstances and in 
certain jurisdictions.
New Accounting Pronouncements Adopted in Fiscal 2025
In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 
2023-07, “Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures” (“ASU 2023-07”), which 
requires additional operating segment disclosures in annual and interim consolidated financial statements. The Company 
adopted ASU 2023-07 in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2025 on a retrospective basis.
New Accounting Pronouncements Pending Adoption
In December 2023, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2023-09, “Income Taxes (Topic 740): 
Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures” (“ASU 2023-09”), which requires disclosure of disaggregated income taxes paid, 
prescribes standard categories for the components of the effective tax rate reconciliation and modifies other income tax-related 
disclosures. ASU 2023-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024 on a retrospective or prospective 
basis. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2023-09 will have on its financial statement disclosures.
In November 2024, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2024-03, “Income Statement - Reporting 
Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement 
Expenses” (“ASU 2024-03”), which requires disaggregation of certain costs in a separate note to the financial statements, such 
as the amounts of employee compensation, depreciation and intangible asset amortization, included in each relevant expense 
caption in annual and interim consolidated financial statements. ASU 2024-03 is effective for annual periods beginning after 
December 15, 2026 and for interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027 on a retrospective or 
prospective basis, with early adoption permitted. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2024-03 will have on its 
financial statement disclosures.
2. Revenues
72

Total Revenue by Geographic Locations
Revenues by geographical region consisted of the following (in millions):
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Americas $ 25,143 $ 23,289 $ 21,250 
Europe 8,891 8,128 7,163 
Asia Pacific 3,861 3,440 2,939 
$ 37,895 $ 34,857 $ 31,352 
Revenues by geography are determined based on the region of the Company's contracting entity, which may be different 
than the region of the customer. Americas revenue attributed to the United States was approximately 93 percent during fiscal 
2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. No other country represented more than ten percent of total revenue during fiscal 2025, 
2024 and 2023.
Contract Balances
Contract Assets
The Company records a contract asset when revenue recognized on a contract exceeds the billings. Contract assets were 
$724 million as of January 31, 2025 as compared to $758 million as of January 31, 2024, and are included in prepaid expenses 
and other current assets and deferred tax assets and other assets, net on the consolidated balance sheets. 
Unearned Revenue
Unearned revenue represents amounts that have been invoiced in advance of revenue recognition and is recognized as 
revenue when transfer of control to customers has occurred or services have been provided. The unearned revenue balance does 
not represent the total contract value of annual or multi-year, noncancellable subscription agreements. The unearned revenue 
balance is influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the compounding effects of renewals, invoice duration, invoice 
timing, dollar size and new business linearity within the quarter.
The change in unearned revenue was as follows (in millions):
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024
Unearned revenue, beginning of period $ 19,003 $ 17,376 
Billings and other (1) 39,513 36,370 
Contribution from contract asset (34) 110
Revenue recognized over time (35,628) (32,727) 
Revenue recognized at a point in time (2,267) (2,130) 
Unearned revenue from business combinations 156 4 
Unearned revenue, end of period $ 20,743 $ 19,003 
(1) Other includes, for example, the impact of foreign currency translation.
Revenue recognized over time primarily includes Cloud Services subscription and support revenue, which is generally 
recognized ratably over time, and professional services and other revenue, which is generally recognized ratably or as delivered.
Revenue recognized at a point in time substantially consists of term software licenses.
Approximately 50 percent of total revenue recognized in fiscal 2025 was from the unearned revenue balance as of 
January 31, 2024.
Remaining Performance Obligation 
Remaining performance obligation represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized and includes unearned 
revenue and unbilled amounts that will be recognized as revenue in future periods. The transaction price allocated to the 
remaining performance obligation is based on SSP. Remaining performance obligation is influenced by several factors, 
including seasonality, the timing of renewals, the timing of term license deliveries, average contract terms and foreign currency 
exchange rates. Remaining performance obligation is also impacted by acquisitions. Unbilled portions of the remaining 
performance obligation denominated in foreign currencies are revalued each period based on the period end exchange rates. 
Remaining performance obligation is subject to future economic risks, including bankruptcies, regulatory changes and other 
market factors.
73

Remaining performance obligation consisted of the following (in billions):
Current Noncurrent Total
As of January 31, 2025 $ 30.2 $ 33.2 $ 63.4 
As of January 31, 2024 $ 27.6 $ 29.3 $ 56.9 
3. Investments
Marketable Securities
At January 31, 2025, marketable securities consisted of the following (in millions):
Amortized
Cost
Unrealized
Gains
Unrealized
Losses Fair Value
Corporate notes and obligations $ 2,574 $ 6 $ (23) $ 2,557 
U.S. treasury securities 546 0 (4) 542
Mortgage-backed obligations 128 0 (6) 122
Asset-backed securities 1,218 3 (4) 1,217
Municipal securities 108 0 (1) 107
Commercial paper 506 0 0 506 
Covered bonds 29 0 (2) 27
Other 106 0 0 106 
Total marketable securities $ 5,215 $ 9 $ (40) $ 5,184 
At January 31, 2024, marketable securities consisted of the following (in millions):
Amortized
Cost
Unrealized
Gains
Unrealized
Losses Fair Value
Corporate notes and obligations $ 3,014 $ 9 $ (45) $ 2,978 
U.S. treasury securities 583 0 (8) 575
Mortgage-backed obligations 244 1 (9) 236
Asset-backed securities 1,381 5 (7) 1,379
Municipal securities 139 0 (3) 136
Commercial paper 213 0 0 213 
Covered bonds 81 0 (3) 78
Other 127 1 (1) 127
Total marketable securities $ 5,782 $ 16 $ (76) $ 5,722 
The contractual maturities of the investments classified as marketable securities were as follows (in millions):
As of
January 31, 2025 January 31, 2024
Due within 1 year $ 2,081 $ 2,523 
Due in 1 year through 5 years 3,098 3,180 
Due in 5 years through 10 years 5 19 
$ 5,184 $ 5,722 
Interest income from marketable securities for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $647 million, $527 million and 
$199 million, respectively, and is included in other income (expense) in the consolidated statements of operations.
The Company excludes amounts related to performance obligations from professional services contracts that are billed 
and recognized on a time and materials basis. 
The majority of the Company's noncurrent remaining performance obligation is expected to be recognized in the next 13 
to 36 months.
74

Strategic Investments
Strategic investments by form and measurement category as of January 31, 2025 were as follows (in millions): 
Measurement Category
Fair Value
Measurement 
Alternative Other Total
Equity securities $ 69 $ 4,617 $ 125 $ 4,811 
Debt securities and other investments 0 0 41 41 
Balance as of January 31, 2025 $ 69 $ 4,617 $ 166 $ 4,852 
Strategic investments by form and measurement category as of January 31, 2024 were as follows (in millions): 
Measurement Category
Fair Value
Measurement 
Alternative Other Total
Equity securities $ 80 $ 4,557 $ 130 $ 4,767 
Debt securities and other investments 0 0 81 81 
Balance as of January 31, 2024 $ 80 $ 4,557 $ 211 $ 4,848 
The Company holds investments in, or management agreements with, variable interest entities (“VIEs”) which the 
Company does not consolidate because it is not considered the primary beneficiary of these entities. The carrying value of VIEs 
within strategic investments was $484 million and $382 million, as of January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, respectively. 
Losses on Strategic Investments, Net 
The components of losses on strategic investments, net were as follows (in millions): 
4 Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Unrealized gains (losses) recognized on publicly traded equity securities, net $ (16) $ 29 $ 1 
Unrealized gains recognized on privately held equity securities, net 358 119 180 
Impairments on privately held equity and debt securities (582) (466) (491) 
Unrealized losses, net (240) (318) (310) 
Realized gains on sales of securities, net 119 41 71 
Losses on strategic investments, net $ (121) $ (277) $ (239) 
Unrealized gains and losses recognized on privately held equity securities, net includes upward and downward 
adjustments from equity securities accounted for under the measurement alternative, as well as gains and losses from private 
equity securities in other measurement categories. For privately held securities accounted for under the measurement 
alternative, the Company recorded upward adjustments of $385 million and $125 million and impairments and downward 
adjustments of $583 million and $465 million for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively. 
Realized gains on sales of securities, net reflects the difference between the sale proceeds and the carrying value of the 
security at the beginning of the period or the purchase date, if later. 
4. Fair Value Measurement
The Company uses a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in the valuation methodologies in 
measuring fair value:
Level 1. Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
Level 2. Significant other inputs that are directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace.
Level 3. Significant unobservable inputs which are supported by little or no market activity.
All of the Company’s cash equivalents, marketable securities and foreign currency derivative contracts are classified 
within Level 1 or Level 2 because these assets are valued using quoted market prices or alternative pricing sources and models 
utilizing observable market inputs. 
75

Description
Quoted Prices in
Active Markets
for Identical Assets
(Level 1)
Significant Other
Observable
Inputs
(Level 2)
Significant
Unobservable
Inputs
(Level 3) Fair Value
Cash equivalents (1):
Time deposits $ 0 $ 1,698 $ 0 $ 1,698 
Money market mutual funds 4,373 0 0 4,373 
Cash equivalent securities 0 686 0 686 
Marketable securities:
Corporate notes and obligations 0 2,557 0 2,557 
U.S. treasury securities 0 542 0 542 
Mortgage-backed obligations 0 122 0 122 
Asset-backed securities 0 1,217 0 1,217 
Municipal securities 0 107 0 107 
Commercial paper 0 506 0 506 
Covered bonds 0 27 0 27 
Other 0 106 0 106 
Strategic investments:
Equity securities 69 0 0 69 
Total assets $ 4,442 $ 7,568 $ 0 $ 12,010 
(1) Included in “cash and cash equivalents” in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets in addition to $2.1 billion of cash,
as of January 31, 2025.
The following table presents information about the Company’s assets that were measured at fair value as of January 31, 
2024 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation (in millions):
Description
Quoted Prices in
Active Markets
for Identical Assets
(Level 1)
Significant Other
Observable Inputs 
(Level 2)
Significant
Unobservable
Inputs
(Level 3) Fair Value
Cash equivalents (1):
Time deposits $ 0 $ 1,337 $ 0 $ 1,337 
Money market mutual funds 4,447 0 0 4,447 
Cash equivalent securities 0 493 0 493 
Marketable securities:
Corporate notes and obligations 0 2,978 0 2,978 
U.S. treasury securities 0 575 0 575 
Mortgage-backed obligations 0 236 0 236 
Asset-backed securities 0 1,379 0 1,379 
Municipal securities 0 136 0 136 
Commercial paper 0 213 0 213 
Covered bonds 0 78 0 78 
Other 0 127 0 127 
Strategic investments:
Equity securities 80 0 0 80 
Total assets $ 4,527 $ 7,552 $ 0 $ 12,079 
(1) Included in “cash and cash equivalents” in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets in addition to $2.2 billion of cash,
as of January 31, 2024.
The following table presents information about the Company’s assets that were measured at fair value as of January 31, 
2025 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation (in millions):
76

Property and Equipment
Property and equipment, net consisted of the following (in millions):
As of January 31,
2025 2024
Land $ 293 $ 293 
Buildings and building improvements 492 490 
Computers, equipment and software 4,345 4,209 
Furniture and fixtures 232 245 
Leasehold improvements 1,556 1,604 
Property and equipment, gross 6,918 6,841 
Less accumulated depreciation and amortization (3,682) (3,152) 
Property and equipment, net $ 3,236 $ 3,689 
Depreciation and amortization expense totaled $1.0 billion, $1.1 billion and $903 million during fiscal 2025, 2024 and 
2023, respectively.
Other Balance Sheet Accounts
Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities as of January 31, 2025 included approximately $2.8 billion of 
accrued compensation as compared to $2.5 billion as of January 31, 2024.
6. Leases and Other Commitments
Leases
The Company has operating leases for corporate offices, data centers and equipment under noncancellable operating and 
finance leases with various expiration dates. The leases have noncancellable remaining terms of 1 year to 15 years, some of 
which include options to extend for up to 5 years, and some of which include options to terminate within 1 year. 
Strategic Investments Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis
Substantially all of the Company's privately held debt and equity securities and other investments are recorded at fair 
value on a non-recurring basis. The estimation of fair value for these investments requires the use of significant unobservable 
inputs, and as a result, the Company deems these assets as Level 3 within the fair value measurement framework. For privately 
held equity investments without a readily determinable fair value, the Company applies valuation methods based on 
information available, including the market approach and option pricing models (“OPM”). Observable transactions, such as the 
issuance of new equity by an investee, are indicators of investee enterprise value and are used to estimate the fair value of the 
privately held equity investments. An OPM may be utilized to allocate value to the various classes of securities of the investee, 
including classes owned by the Company. Such information, available to the Company from investee companies, is 
supplemented with estimates such as volatility, expected time to liquidity and the rights and obligations of the securities the 
Company holds. When indicators of impairment are observed for privately held equity securities, the Company generally uses 
the market approach to estimate the fair value of its investment, giving consideration to the latest observable transactions, as 
well as the investee's current and projected financial performance and other significant inputs and assumptions, including 
estimated time to exit, selection and analysis of guideline public companies and the rights and obligations of the securities the 
Company holds. The Company's privately held debt and equity securities and other investments amounted to $4.8 billion and 
$4.8 billion as of January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, respectively.
5. Property and Equipment, Net and Other Balance Sheet Accounts
77

The components of lease expense were as follows (in millions):
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Operating lease cost $ 684 $ 1,041 $ 986 
Finance lease cost: 
Amortization of right-of-use assets $ 303 $ 264 $ 198 
Interest on lease liabilities 28 29 10 
Total finance lease cost $ 331 $ 293 $ 208 
Supplemental cash flow information related to operating and finance leases was as follows (in millions):
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of 
lease liabilities:
Operating cash outflows for operating leases $ 628 $ 716 $ 769 
Operating cash outflows for finance leases 27 29 10
Financing cash outflows for finance leases 380 347 180
Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease 
obligations:
Operating leases 345 456 915
Supplemental balance sheet information related to operating and finance leases was as follows (in millions):
As of January 31,
2025 2024
Operating leases:
Operating lease right-of-use assets $ 2,157 $ 2,366 
Operating lease liabilities, current $ 579 $ 518 
Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 2,380 2,644 
Total operating lease liabilities $ 2,959 $ 3,162 
Finance leases:
Computers, equipment and software $ 1,520 $ 1,579 
Accumulated depreciation (708) (525)
Property and equipment, net $ 812 $ 1,054 
Accrued expenses and other liabilities $ 337 $ 372 
Other noncurrent liabilities 341 602 
Total finance lease liabilities $ 678 $ 974 
78

Other information related to leases was as follows:
As of January 31,
2025 2024
Weighted average remaining lease term
Operating leases 7 years 7 years
Finance leases 3 years 3 years
Weighted average discount rate
Operating leases 3.2 % 2.9 %
Finance leases 3.8 % 3.3 %
As of January 31, 2025, the maturities of lease liabilities under noncancellable operating and finance leases were as 
follows (in millions):
Operating Leases Finance Leases
Fiscal Period:
Fiscal 2026 $ 653 $ 352 
Fiscal 2027 564 244 
Fiscal 2028 522 71 
Fiscal 2029 440 29 
Fiscal 2030 297 12 
Thereafter 820 0 
Total minimum lease payments 3,296 708 
Less: Imputed interest (337) (30)
Total $ 2,959 $ 678 
Operating lease amounts above do not include sublease income. The Company has entered into various sublease 
agreements with third parties. Under these agreements, the Company expects to receive sublease income of approximately $303 
million in the next five years and $29 million thereafter. 
Of the total lease commitment balance, including leases not yet commenced, of $4.0 billion, approximately $3.3 billion is 
related to facilities space. The remaining commitment amount is primarily related to equipment.
79

7. Business Combinations
Fiscal Year 2025
Spiff, Inc.
In February 2024, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of Spiff, Inc. (“Spiff”), an incentive compensation 
management platform company. The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for Spiff was $419 million, 
which consisted primarily of $374 million in cash. The Company recorded $323 million of goodwill which is primarily 
attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities. The goodwill associated with the acquisition of Spiff 
has no basis and is not deductible for U.S. income tax purposes. The Company also recorded approximately $52 million of 
intangible assets for developed technology and customer relationships with useful lives of nine and five years, respectively. The 
fair values assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management’s estimates and assumptions and may 
be subject to change as additional information is received and certain tax returns are finalized. The Company expects to finalize 
the valuation as soon as practicable, but not later than one year from the acquisition date. The Company has included the 
financial results of Spiff, which were not material, in its consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The 
transaction costs associated with the acquisition were also not material.
Zoomin Software Ltd.
In November 2024, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of Zoomin Software Ltd. (“Zoomin”), a data 
management company. The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for Zoomin was $374 million, which 
consisted primarily of $344 million in cash. The Company recorded $284 million of goodwill which is primarily attributed to 
the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities. The goodwill associated with the acquisition of Zoomin has no 
basis and is not deductible for U.S. income tax purposes. The Company also recorded approximately $94 million of intangible 
assets for developed technology with a useful life of three years. The fair values assigned to assets acquired and liabilities 
assumed are based on management’s estimates and assumptions and may be subject to change as additional information is 
received and certain tax returns are finalized. The Company expects to finalize the valuation as soon as practicable, but not later 
than one year from the acquisition date. The Company has included the financial results of Zoomin, which were not material, in 
its consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were also 
not material.
Own Data Company Ltd.
In November 2024, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of Own Data Company Ltd. (“Own”), a leading provider
of data protection and data management solutions. The Company has included the financial results of Own, which were not 
material, in the consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The transaction costs associated with the 
acquisition were not material. The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for Own was approximately 
$2.1 billion, which consisted of the following (in millions):
Fair Value
Cash $ 1,931 
Fair value of pre-existing relationship 212 
Total $ 2,143 
The following table summarizes the preliminary fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the date of 
acquisition (in millions):
Fair Value
Cash and cash equivalents $ 44 
Accounts receivable 32 
Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 35 
Goodwill 1,812 
Intangible assets 597 
Other assets 10 
Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities, current and noncurrent (16) 
Unearned revenue (125) 
Operating lease liabilities (35) 
Deferred tax liability (211) 
Net assets acquired $ 2,143 
80

Fair Value Useful Life
Developed technology $ 343 6 years
Customer relationships 224 9 years
Other purchased intangible assets 30 2 years
Total intangible assets subject to amortization $ 597 
Developed technology represents the fair value of Own’s data analysis technology. Customer relationships represent the 
fair values of the underlying relationships with Own customers. 
The fair value of the Company’s noncontrolling equity investment in Own prior to the acquisition was $172 million. The 
Company recognized a gain of approximately $40 million as a result of remeasuring its prior equity interest in Own held before 
the business combination. The gain is included in losses on strategic investments, net in the consolidated statement of 
operations.
Fiscal Year 2023
Traction Sales and Marketing Inc.
In April 2022, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of Traction Sales and Marketing Inc. (“Traction on Demand”), 
a professional services firm that provides innovative and critical solutions to clients using the Company’s service offerings and 
other advanced cloud technologies. The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred for Traction on Demand was 
approximately $340 million, which consisted primarily of $302 million in cash. 
8. Intangible Assets Acquired Through Business Combinations and Goodwill
Intangible Assets Acquired Through Business Combinations
Intangible assets acquired through business combinations were as follows (in millions):
Intangible Assets, Gross Accumulated Amortization Intangible Assets, Net
Weighted
Average
Remaining 
Useful Life 
(Years) 
January 
31, 2024
Additions and 
retirements, 
net
January 
31, 2025
January 
31, 2024
Expense and 
retirements, 
net
January 
31, 2025
January 
31, 2024
January 
31, 2025
January 31, 
2025
Acquired 
developed 
technology $ 4,624 $ (1,666) $ 2,958 $ (3,208) $ 1,455 $ (1,753) $ 1,416 $ 1,205 0.9
Customer 
relationships 6,674 220 6,894 (2,985) (835) (3,820) 3,689 3,074 3.6
Other (1) 303 28 331 (130) (52) (182) 173 149 2.4
Total $ 11,601 $ (1,418) $ 10,183 $ (6,323) $ 568 $ (5,755) $ 5,278 $ 4,428 2.8
(1) Included in Other are in-place leases, trade names, trademarks and territory rights.
Amortization of intangible assets resulting from business combinations for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $1.6 billion, 
$1.9 billion and $2.0 billion, respectively.
The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired was 
recorded as goodwill, which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities, for which 
there is no basis for U.S. income tax purposes. The fair values assigned to tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are 
preliminary, based on management’s estimates and assumptions and may be subject to change as additional information is 
received and certain tax returns are finalized. The Company expects to finalize the valuation as soon as practicable, but not later 
than one year from the acquisition date.
The following table sets forth the components of identifiable intangible assets acquired and their estimated useful lives as 
of the date of acquisition (in millions):
81

The expected future amortization expense for intangible assets as of January 31, 2025 was as follows (in millions):
Fiscal Period:
Fiscal 2026 $ 1,522 
Fiscal 2027 1,147 
Fiscal 2028 745 
Fiscal 2029 578 
Fiscal 2030 294 
Thereafter 142 
Total amortization expense $ 4,428 
Goodwill
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price in a business combination over the fair value of net assets acquired. 
The changes in the carrying amounts of goodwill, which is generally not deductible for tax purposes, were as follows (in 
millions):
Balance at January 31, 2023 $ 48,568 
Acquisitions and adjustments (1) 52 
Balance as of January 31, 2024 $ 48,620 
Acquisition of Spiff 323 
Acquisition of Zoomin 284 
Acquisition of Own 1,812 
Other acquisitions and adjustments (1) 244 
Balance as of January 31, 2025 $ 51,283 
(1) Includes the effect of foreign currency translation.
9. Debt
The components of the Company's borrowings were as follows (in millions):
Instrument Date of Issuance
Maturity 
Date
Contractual 
Interest 
Rate
Outstanding 
Principal as of 
January 31, 2025
Carrying Value 
as of January 31, 
2025
Carrying Value 
as of January 31, 
2024
2024 Senior Notes (1) July 2021 July 2024 0.625 % 0 0 999 
2028 Senior Notes April 2018 April 2028 3.70 1,500 1,496 1,495 
2028 Senior Sustainability Notes July 2021 July 2028 1.50 1,000 995 994 
2031 Senior Notes July 2021 July 2031 1.95 1,500 1,491 1,490 
2041 Senior Notes July 2021 July 2041 2.70 1,250 1,236 1,235 
2051 Senior Notes July 2021 July 2051 2.90 2,000 1,979 1,978 
2061 Senior Notes July 2021 July 2061 3.05 1,250 1,236 1,235 
Total carrying value of debt 8,500 8,433 9,426 
Less current portion of debt 0 (999) 
Total noncurrent debt $ 8,433 $ 8,427 
(1) The Company repaid in full the 2024 Senior Notes in the second quarter of fiscal 2025.
The Company was in compliance with all debt covenants as of January 31, 2025.
The total estimated fair value of the Company's outstanding senior unsecured notes (the “Senior Notes”) above was 
$6.6 billion and $7.8 billion as of January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, respectively. The fair value was determined based on 
the closing trading price per $100 of the Senior Notes as of the last day of trading of fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024, and are 
deemed Level 2 liabilities within the fair value measurement framework.
82

The contractual future principal payments for all borrowings as of January 31, 2025 were as follows (in millions):
Fiscal Period:
Fiscal 2026 $ 0 
Fiscal 2027 0 
Fiscal 2028 0 
Fiscal 2029 2,500 
Fiscal 2030 0 
Thereafter 6,000 
Total principal outstanding $ 8,500 
Interest expense primarily from out debt instruments for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $272 million, $283 million and 
$300 million, respectively, and is included in other income (expense) in the consolidated statements of operations.
Revolving Credit Facility
In October 2024, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement with the lenders and issuing lenders party thereto, and 
Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (the “Revolving Loan Credit Agreement”). The Revolving Loan Credit 
Agreement replaced the Credit Agreement, dated December 23, 2020 (as amended, the “Prior Credit Agreement”), among the 
Company, the lenders and the issuing lenders party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, which provided for a 
$3.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility that was scheduled to mature on December 23, 2025. There were no outstanding 
borrowings under the Prior Credit Agreement. 
The Revolving Loan Credit Agreement provides for a $5.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility (“Credit Facility”) 
and matures in October 2029. The Company may use the proceeds of future borrowings under the Credit Facility for general 
corporate purposes. There were no outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility as of January 31, 2025. 
10. Restructuring
In January 2023, the Company announced a restructuring plan intended to reduce operating costs, improve operating
margins and continue advancing the Company’s ongoing commitment to profitable growth. This plan included a reduction of 
the Company’s workforce and select real estate exits and office space reductions within certain markets. The employee actions 
were substantially completed in fiscal 2024 and the real estate actions are expected to be substantially complete in fiscal 2026. 
In fiscal 2025, the Company approved restructuring initiatives focused on driving further operational efficiencies, optimizing 
our management structure and increasing cost optimization efforts to realize long-term sustainable growth through a targeted 
workforce reduction, which are expected to be substantially complete in fiscal 2026.
The following tables summarize the activities related to the Company’s restructuring initiatives for fiscal 2025 and 2024 
(in millions):
Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2025 Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2024
Workforce 
Reduction
Office Space 
Reductions Total
Workforce 
Reduction
Office Space 
Reductions Total
Liability, beginning of 
the period $ 118 $ 2 $ 120 $ 607 $ 0 $ 607 
Charges 386 75 461 541 447 988 
Payments (196) (2) (198) (1,003) (27) (1,030)
Non-cash items (6) (75) (81) (27) (418) (445)
Liability, end of the 
period $ 302 $ 0 $ 302 $ 118 $ 2 $ 120 
The liability for restructuring charges, which is related to workforce and office space reductions, is included in accounts 
payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. The charges reflected in the tables above 
related to workforce reduction included charges for employee transition, severance payments, employee benefits and sharebased compensation. The charges reflected in the tables above related to office space reductions included exit charges 
associated with those reductions. 
11. Stockholders’ Equity
The Company maintains the following stock plans: the ESPP, the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan and the 2014 Inducement
Equity Incentive Plan (“2014 Inducement Plan”). Options issued have terms of seven years.
83

Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Volatility 33 - 36 % 35 - 40 % 34 - 40 %
Estimated life 5.2 years 3.5 years 3.5 years
Risk-free interest rate 4.3 - 4.5 % 3.6 - 4.3 % 1.7 -4.4 %
Weighted-average fair value per share of grants $ 114.96 $ 66.95 $ 62.10 
The Company estimated its future stock price volatility considering both its observed option-implied volatilities and its 
historical volatility calculations. Management believes this is the best estimate of the expected volatility over the expected life 
of its stock options and stock purchase rights.
The estimated life for the stock options was based on an analysis of historical exercise activity. The risk-free interest rate 
is based on the rate for a U.S. government security with the same estimated life at the time of the option grant and the stock 
purchase rights.
Stock option activity for fiscal 2025 was as follows:
Options Outstanding
Shares
Available for
Grant
(in millions)
Outstanding
Stock
Options
(in millions)
WeightedAverage
Exercise Price
Aggregate
Intrinsic Value (in 
millions)
Balance as of January 31, 2024 60 12 $ 185.77 
Increase in shares authorized:
2013 Equity Incentive Plan 36 
Restricted stock activity (23) 
Exercised 0 (4) 173.43
Balance as of January 31, 2025 73 8 $ 198.89 $ 1,140 
Vested or expected to vest 8 $ 198.10 $ 1,126 
Exercisable as of January 31, 2025 6 $ 187.48 $ 883 
The total intrinsic value of the options exercised during fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, was $0.7 billion, $0.6 billion, and 
$0.2 billion, respectively. The intrinsic value of options exercised during each year is calculated as the difference between the 
market value of the stock at the time of exercise and the exercise price of the stock option.
The weighted-average remaining contractual life of vested and expected to vest options is approximately 3.5 years.
As of January 31, 2025, options to purchase 6 million shares were vested at a weighted-average exercise price of $187.48 
per share and had a weighted-average remaining contractual life of approximately 3.0 years. The total intrinsic value of these 
vested options based on the market value of the stock as of January 31, 2025 was approximately $0.9 billion.
The fair value of each stock option grant was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model 
with the following assumptions and fair value per share:
84

The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding as of January 31, 2025:
Options Outstanding Options Exercisable
Range of Exercise
Prices
Number
Outstanding
(in millions)
WeightedAverage
Remaining
Contractual Life
(Years)
WeightedAverage
Exercise
Price
Number of
Shares
(in millions)
WeightedAverage
Exercise
Price
$1.34 to $154.14 2 2.6 $ 128.18 2 $ 127.85 
$157.70 to $167.45 1 2.4 162.50 1 162.27 
$171.43 to $215.17 2 3.4 208.80 1 211.81 
$218.21 2 4.1 218.21 1 218.21 
$218.63 to $342.02 1 4.6 267.30 1 238.64 
8 3.5 $ 198.89 6 $ 187.48 
Restricted stock activity for fiscal 2025 is as follows:
Restricted Stock Outstanding
Outstanding
(in millions)
Weighted 
Average Grant 
Date Fair Value
Aggregate
Intrinsic
Value (in 
millions)
Balance as of January 31, 2024 28 $ 202.95 
Granted - restricted stock units and awards 12 302.73 
Granted - performance-based stock units 1 290.64 
Canceled (3) 226.68
Vested and converted to shares (12) 203.70
Balance as of January 31, 2025 26 $ 250.50 $ 8,796 
Expected to vest 23 $ 7,693 
Restricted stock, which upon vesting entitles the holder to one share of common stock for each share of restricted stock, 
has an exercise price of $0.001 per share, which is equal to the par value of the Company’s common stock, and generally vests 
over four years. The total fair value of shares vested during fiscal 2025 and 2024 was $3.4 billion and $2.5 billion, respectively.
In fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, the Company granted performance-based restricted stock unit awards to executive officers 
and other members of senior management. The performance-based restricted stock unit awards are subject to vesting based on 
the achievement of a market-based condition and a service-based condition or a performance-based condition and a servicebased condition. At the end of the service periods, which range from approximately one-year to four-years, these performancebased restricted stock units will vest in a percentage of the target number of shares between 0 and 200 percent, depending on 
the extent the market-based condition or performance-based condition, or both, are achieved.
The aggregate expected stock-based compensation expense remaining to be recognized as of January 31, 2025 was as 
follows (in millions):
Fiscal Period:
Fiscal 2026 $ 2,602 
Fiscal 2027 1,717 
Fiscal 2028 1,083 
Fiscal 2029 182 
Total stock-based compensation expense $ 5,584 
The aggregate expected stock-based compensation expense remaining to be recognized reflects only outstanding stock 
awards as of January 31, 2025 and assumes no forfeiture activity and no changes in the expected level of attainment of 
performance share grants based on the Company’s financial performance relative to certain targets.
85

Options outstanding 8 
Restricted stock awards and units and performance-based stock units outstanding 26 
Stock available for future grant or issuance:
2013 Equity Incentive Plan 73 
2014 Inducement Plan 1 
Amended and Restated 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 13 
121 
Preferred Stock
The Company’s board of directors has the authority, without further action by stockholders, to issue up to 5,000,000 
shares of preferred stock in one or more series. The Company’s board of directors may designate the rights, preferences, 
privileges and restrictions of the preferred stock, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of 
redemption, liquidation preference, sinking fund terms and number of shares constituting any series or the designation of any 
series. The issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of restricting dividends on the Company’s common stock, diluting 
the voting power of its common stock, impairing the liquidation rights of its common stock, or delaying or preventing a change 
in control. As of January 31, 2025 and 2024, no shares of preferred stock were outstanding.
Share Repurchase Program
In August 2022, the Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase up to $10.0 billion of the Company’s common 
stock (the “Share Repurchase Program”). In February 2023, the Board of Directors authorized an additional $10.0 billion in 
repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program. In February 2024, the Board of Directors authorized an additional 
$10.0 billion in repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program for an aggregate total authorization of $30.0 billion. The 
Share Repurchase Program does not have a fixed expiration date and does not obligate the Company to acquire any specific 
number of shares. Under the Share Repurchase Program, shares of common stock may be repurchased using a variety of 
methods, including privately negotiated and or open market transactions, including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), as part of accelerated share repurchases and 
other methods. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases are determined by the Company in its discretion and 
depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. The Company accounts 
for treasury stock under the cost method.
The Company repurchased the following under its Share Repurchase Program (in millions, except average price per 
share):
2025 2024 2023
Shares
Average 
price per 
share Amount Shares
Average 
price per 
share Amount Shares
Average 
price per 
share Amount
Fiscal year ended January 31 30 $ 260.12 $ 7,757 36 $ 210.30 $ 7,674 28 $ 144.94 $ 4,000 
All repurchases were made in open market transactions. As of January 31, 2025, the Company was authorized to purchase 
a remaining $10.6 billion of its common stock under the Share Repurchase Program. 
Dividends
The Company announced the following dividends in the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025 (in millions, except dividend 
per share):
Record Date Payment Date Dividend per Share Amount
March 14, 2024 April 11, 2024 $ 0.40 $ 388 
July 9, 2024 July 25, 2024 $ 0.40 $ 388 
September 18, 2024 October 8, 2024 $ 0.40 $ 385 
December 18, 2024 January 9, 2025 $ 0.40 $ 388 
Common Stock
The following number of shares of common stock were reserved and available for future issuance at January 31, 2025 (in 
millions):
86

12. Income Taxes
The domestic and foreign components of income before provision for (benefit from) income taxes consisted of the
following (in millions):
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Domestic $ 5,119 $ 4,045 $ 398 
Foreign 2,319 905 262 
$ 7,438 $ 4,950 $ 660 
The provision for (benefit from) income taxes consisted of the following (in millions):
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Current:
Federal $ 1,284 $ 940 $ 173 
State 245 199 216 
Foreign 925 417 397 
Total 2,454 1,556 786 
Deferred:
Federal (982) (640) (134) 
State (167) (182) (203) 
Foreign (64) 80 3 
Total (1,213) (742) (334)
Provision for (benefit from) income taxes $ 1,241 $ 814 $ 452 
A reconciliation of income taxes at the statutory federal income tax rate to the provision for (benefit from) income taxes 
included in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations is as follows (in millions):
Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
U.S. federal taxes at statutory rate $ 1,562 $ 1,040 $ 139 
State, net of the federal benefit 106 19 29 
Effects of non-U.S. operations (1) 315 29 287 
Tax credits (270) (332) (239) 
Non-deductible expenses 100 43 94 
Foreign-derived intangible income deduction (2) (373) (56) (55) 
(Windfall)/shortfall related to share-based compensation (215) (36) 31 
Change in valuation allowance 51 101 171 
Other, net (35) 6 (5) 
Provision for (benefit from) income taxes $ 1,241 $ 814 $ 452 
(1) Fiscal 2024 effects of non-U.S. operations included tax benefits from foreign tax credits attributable to IRS notices.
(2) Fiscal 2025 foreign-derived intangible income deduction included tax benefits related to an adjustment for fiscal 2023 and
2024.
Deferred Income Taxes
Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and 
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes.
87

Significant components of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows (in millions):
As of January 31,
2025 2024
Deferred tax assets:
Losses and deductions carryforward $ 209 $ 176 
Deferred stock-based compensation expense 237 219 
Tax credits 769 760 
Accrued liabilities 482 419 
Intangible assets 1,694 1,899 
Lease liabilities 740 818 
Unearned revenue (28) 37
Capitalized research & development 2,431 1,710 
Other 65 81 
Total deferred tax assets 6,599 6,119 
Less valuation allowance (786) (733)
Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 5,813 5,386 
Deferred tax liabilities:
Capitalized costs to obtain revenue contracts (850) (873)
Purchased intangible assets (650) (1,030)
Depreciation and amortization (164) (263)
Basis difference on strategic and other investments (106) (181)
Lease right-of-use assets (554) (636)
Total deferred tax liabilities (2,324) (2,983) 
Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) $ 3,489 $ 2,403 
At January 31, 2025, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $415 million, which 
expire in fiscal 2026 and through fiscal 2038 with the exception of post-2017 losses that do not expire, federal research and 
development tax credits of approximately $5 million, which expire in fiscal 2029 through fiscal 2045, foreign tax credits of 
approximately $164 million, which expire in fiscal 2029 through fiscal 2035. The Company had California net operating loss 
carryforwards of approximately $480 million which expire beginning in fiscal 2029 through fiscal 2045, California research 
and development tax credits of approximately $932 million, which do not expire. For other states' income tax purposes, the 
Company had tax credits of approximately $75 million, which expire beginning in fiscal 2026 through fiscal 2034, and 
insignificant net operating loss carryforwards. Utilization of the Company’s net operating loss carryforwards are subject to 
annual limitation due to the ownership change limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code and similar state provisions. 
Such an annual limitation could result in the expiration of the net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards before utilization.
The Company had a valuation allowance of $786 million and $733 million as of January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, 
respectively. The Company regularly assesses the realizability of its deferred tax assets and establishes a valuation allowance if 
it is more-likely-than-not that some or all of its deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company evaluates and weighs all 
available positive and negative evidence such as historic results, future reversals of existing deferred tax liabilities, projected 
future taxable income, as well as prudent and feasible tax-planning strategies. The assessment requires significant judgment and 
is performed in each of the applicable jurisdictions. The increase in the valuation allowance during fiscal 2025 was primarily 
due to state tax credits and certain U.S foreign tax credits that are not expected to be realized. At the end of January 31, 2025, 
the valuation allowance was primarily related to U.S. states’ net operating loss and tax credits and certain U.S foreign tax 
credits. The Company will continue to evaluate the need for valuation allowances for its deferred tax assets.
Unrecognized Tax Benefits and Other Considerations
The Company records liabilities related to its uncertain tax positions. Tax positions for the Company and its subsidiaries 
are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. The Company recognizes the tax benefit of 
an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable upon examination by the taxing 
authority, based on the technical merits. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit which is 
greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the taxing authority. 
88

Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Beginning of period $ 2,083 $ 1,975 $ 1,822 
Tax positions taken in prior period:
Gross increases 53 53 53 
Gross decreases (65) (85) (45) 
Tax positions taken in current period:
Gross increases 378 287 227 
Settlements (4) (21) (40) 
Lapse of statute of limitations (25) (104) (12) 
Currency translation effect (1) (22) (30) 
End of period $ 2,419 $ 2,083 $ 1,975 
In fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, the Company reported a net increase of approximately $336 million, $108 million, and 
$153 million, respectively, in its unrecognized tax benefits. For fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, total unrecognized tax benefits in 
an amount of $1.7 billion, $1.7 billion and $1.5 billion, respectively, if recognized, would have reduced income tax expense and 
the Company’s effective tax rate.
The Company has recognized interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the income tax provision of 
$89 million, $29 million and $48 million in fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Interest and penalties accrued as of 
January 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, were $225 million, $136 million and $107 million, respectively. 
Certain prior year tax returns are currently being examined by various taxing authorities in major tax jurisdictions 
including the United States, Germany and Israel. The Company currently considers U.S. federal, Japan, Australia, Germany, 
France, United Kingdom, Ireland, Canada, India and Israel to be major tax jurisdictions. The Company’s U.S. federal tax 
returns since fiscal 2008 remain open to examination, and non-U.S. tax returns generally remain open to examination since 
fiscal 2019. The Company believes that it has provided adequate reserves for its income tax uncertainties in all open tax years. 
As the outcome of the tax audits cannot be predicted with certainty, if any issues addressed in the Company's tax audits are 
resolved in a manner inconsistent with management's expectations, the Company could adjust its provision for income taxes in 
the future.
The Company anticipates it is reasonably possible that an insignificant decrease of its unrecognized tax benefits may 
occur in the next 12 months, as the applicable statutes of limitations lapse, ongoing examinations are completed, or tax 
positions meet the conditions of being effectively settled.
13. Net Income Per Share
Basic net income per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of shares of common
stock outstanding for the fiscal period. Diluted net income per share is computed by giving effect to all potential weighted 
average dilutive common stock, including options and restricted stock units. The dilutive effect of outstanding awards is 
reflected in diluted net income per share by application of the treasury stock method.
A reconciliation of the denominator used in the calculation of basic and diluted net income per share is as follows (in 
millions):
4 Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Numerator:
Net income $ 6,197 $ 4,136 $ 208 
Denominator:
Weighted-average shares outstanding for basic net income per share 962 974 992 
Effect of dilutive securities:
Employee stock awards 12 10 5 
Weighted-average shares outstanding for diluted net income per share 974 984 997 
A reconciliation of the beginning and ending balance of total unrecognized tax benefits for fiscal years 2025, 2024 and 
2023 is as follows (in millions):
89

Fiscal Year Ended January 31,
2025 2024 2023
Employee stock awards 7 13 39 
14. Legal Proceedings and Claims
In the ordinary course of business, the Company is or may be involved in various legal or regulatory proceedings, claims
or purported class actions related to alleged infringement of third-party patents and other intellectual property rights, 
commercial, corporate and securities, labor and employment, wage and hour and other claims. The Company has been, and may 
in the future be, put on notice or sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights, including patent 
infringement. 
In general, the resolution of a legal matter could prevent the Company from offering its service to others, could be 
material to the Company’s financial condition or cash flows, or both, or could otherwise adversely affect the Company’s 
reputation and future operating results.
The Company makes a provision for a liability relating to legal matters when it is both probable that a liability has been 
incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. These provisions are reviewed at least quarterly and adjusted 
to reflect the impacts of negotiations, estimated settlements, legal rulings, advice of legal counsel and other information and 
events pertaining to a particular matter. The outcomes of legal proceedings and other contingencies are, however, inherently 
unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties. At this time, the Company is not able to reasonably estimate the amount 
or range of possible losses in excess of any amounts accrued, including losses that could arise as a result of application of nonmonetary remedies, with respect to the contingencies it faces, and the Company’s estimates may not prove to be accurate. 
In management’s opinion, resolution of all current matters, including those described below, is not expected to have a 
material adverse impact on the Company’s financial statements. However, depending on the nature and timing of any such 
dispute, payment or other contingency, the resolution of a matter could materially affect the Company’s current or future results 
of operations or cash flows, or both, in a particular quarter.
Slack Litigation
Beginning in September 2019, seven purported class action lawsuits were filed against Slack, its directors, certain of its 
officers and certain investment funds associated with certain of its directors, each alleging violations of securities laws in 
connection with Slack’s registration statement on Form S-1 (the “Registration Statement”) filed with the SEC. All but one of 
these actions were filed in the Superior Court of California for the County of San Mateo, though one plaintiff originally filed in 
the County of San Francisco before refiling in the County of San Mateo (and the original San Francisco action was dismissed). 
The remaining action was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (the “Federal Action”). In the 
Federal Action, captioned Dennee v. Slack Technologies, Inc., Case No. 3:19-CV-05857-SI, Slack and the other defendants 
filed a motion to dismiss the complaint in January 2020. In April 2020, the court granted in part and denied in part the motion to 
dismiss. In May 2020, Slack and the other defendants filed a motion to certify the court’s order for interlocutory appeal, which 
the court granted. Slack and the other defendants filed a petition for permission to appeal the district court’s order to the Ninth 
Circuit Court of Appeals, which was granted in July 2020. Oral argument was heard in May 2021. On September 20, 2021, the 
Ninth Circuit affirmed the district court’s ruling. Slack filed a petition for rehearing with the Ninth Circuit on November 3, 
2021, which was denied on May 2, 2022. Slack filed a petition for a writ of certiorari with the U.S. Supreme Court on August 
31, 2022, which was granted on December 13, 2022. On June 1, 2023, the Supreme Court issued a unanimous decision vacating 
the Ninth Circuit’s decision and remanded for further proceedings. The Ninth Circuit ordered the parties to submit additional 
briefing in light of the Supreme Court’s decision. On February 10, 2025, the Ninth Circuit issued an opinion reversing the 
district court’s order and instructing the district court to dismiss the complaint with prejudice. The state court actions were 
consolidated in November 2019, and the consolidated action is captioned In re Slack Technologies, Inc. Shareholder Litigation, 
Lead Case No. 19CIV05370 (the “State Court Action”). An additional state court action was filed in San Mateo County in June 
2020 but was consolidated with the State Court Action in July 2020. Slack and the other defendants filed demurrers to the 
complaint in the State Court Action in February 2020. In August 2020, the court sustained in part and overruled in part the 
demurrers, and granted plaintiffs leave to file an amended complaint, which they filed in October 2020. Slack and the other 
defendants answered the complaint in November 2020. Plaintiffs filed a motion for class certification on October 21, 2021, 
which remains pending. On October 26, 2022, the court stayed the State Court Action pending resolution of Slack’s petition for 
a writ of certiorari in the Federal Action. The State Court Action remains stayed pending resolution of the appellate proceedings 
in the Federal Action. The Federal Action and the State Court Action seek unspecified monetary damages and other relief on 
The weighted-average number of shares outstanding used in the computation of diluted net income per share does not 
include the effect of the following potentially outstanding common stock. The effects of these potentially outstanding shares 
were not included in the calculation of diluted net income per share because the effect would have been anti-dilutive (in 
millions):
90

behalf of investors who purchased Slack’s Class A common stock issued pursuant and/or traceable to the Registration 
Statement.
Backpage Litigation 
The Company has been named as a defendant in a number of state and federal actions relating to the activities of one of its 
former customers, Website Technologies, LLC (“Website Technologies”), an affiliate of Backpage.com, LLC (“Backpage”). 
Plaintiffs in these actions generally allege that they were victims of sex trafficking by individuals who advertised them on 
backpage.com, a website operated by Backpage, and assert various claims and theories premised on the Company’s provision to 
Website Technologies of Salesforce CRM Software and related products, which the plaintiffs allege facilitated the operation 
and growth of Backpage’s business. The initial action, filed in the Superior Court of California for the County of San Francisco 
on behalf of numerous plaintiffs, was dismissed with prejudice under Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act 
(“Section 230”), and that dismissal was affirmed by the California Court of Appeal in December 2021. In April 2020, an action 
was filed on behalf of a single plaintiff in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. The district court granted 
the Company’s motion to dismiss the action, and the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals reversed that ruling in August 2023. The 
court has scheduled trial in that matter for June 2026. Beginning in April 2020, five actions involving six plaintiffs were filed 
and consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas as A.B. v. Salesforce, Inc., Case No. 4:20-
CV-01254. The Company moved for summary judgment on the basis that the claims were barred by Section 230. In November
2023, the court denied the Company’s motion and in December 2024, the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed that ruling.
Beginning in May 2023, a number of similar actions have been filed in Texas federal and state courts, including principally: (1)
30 actions filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas, which were consolidated as S.M.A. v. Salesforce,
Inc., Case No. 3:23-CV-0915-B (“S.M.A”); (2) 21 actions filed in Texas state court in Dallas County, which were removed by
the Company to the Northern District of Texas, and consolidated as A.S. v. Salesforce, Inc., Case No. 3:23-CV-1039-B
(“A.S.”); and (3) one action filed in Texas state court in Harris County, which was removed to the U.S. District Court for the
Southern District of Texas as T.S. v. Salesforce, Inc., Case No. 4:23-CV-01792 (“T.S.”). Separately, 19 actions have been filed
in Texas state court, which are proceeding in a Texas state court multidistrict litigation in Harris County District Court,
captioned In re Jane Doe Cases, MDL 2020-28545. In March 2024, the district court in S.M.A. granted the Company’s
consolidated motion to dismiss the complaint on the ground that plaintiffs had not alleged the requisite intent element under the
federal trafficking statute, and in April 2024 an amended complaint was filed amending the federal law claim and adding a
Texas state law claim. In May 2024, the Company moved to dismiss the amended complaint. In September 2024, the district
court in A.S. denied the Company’s motion to dismiss and the court has scheduled trial for November 2025. In November 2024,
the Company moved for judgment on the pleadings in A.S. In June 2023, the Company moved to dismiss the T.S. action, and
that motion remains pending. Plaintiffs’ counsel in these actions have stated that they represent several hundred additional
possible claimants. All of the foregoing actions seek unspecified monetary damages, attorneys’ fees, and costs. The Company
intends to defend its interests in these proceedings vigorously.
91

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND 
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
None.
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure 
controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
(the “Exchange Act”), as of the end of the period covered by this report.
In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any disclosure controls 
and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired 
control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource 
constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures 
relative to their costs.
Based on management’s evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the 
end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to, and are effective to, provide 
assurance at a reasonable level, that the information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the 
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange 
Commission (“SEC”) rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, 
including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required 
disclosures.
(b) Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as 
such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our 
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the 
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2025 based on the guidelines established in the 
Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013 framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the 
Treadway Commission (COSO). Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that provide 
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external 
reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
Based on the results of our evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was 
effective as of January 31, 2025. We reviewed the results of management’s assessment with our Audit Committee.
The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2025 has been audited by Ernst & 
Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report which is included in Item 8 of this Annual 
Report on Form 10-K.
(c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended January 31, 
2025 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
(d) Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls
Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, do not expect that our 
disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no 
matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control 
system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits 
of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of 
controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been 
detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns 
can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some 
persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is 
also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design 
will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate 
92

Not applicable.
because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the 
inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION
During the three months ended January 31, 2025, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the 
Exchange Act) informed us of the adoption or termination of a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading 
arrangement” (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K), except as follows. On December 17, 2024, Parker Harris, CoFounder and Chief Technology Officer, Slack, adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement intended to satisfy the affirmative 
defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) for the sale of up to 150,662 shares of the Company’s common stock, subject to certain conditions, 
through December 15, 2025 (or the date all shares are sold under the arrangement, if earlier). On January 9, 2025, Marc 
Benioff, Chair and Chief Executive Officer, adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement intended to satisfy the affirmative 
defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) for the sale of up to 353,684 shares of the Company’s common stock, subject to certain conditions, 
through March 20, 2026 (or the date all shares are sold under the arrangement, if earlier). 
ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS
93

PART III.
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The information concerning our directors, our Audit Committee, our Insider Trading Policy and any changes to the 
process by which stockholders may recommend nominees to the Board required by this Item are incorporated herein by 
reference to information contained in the Proxy Statement, including “Directors and Corporate Governance,” “Insider Trading 
Policy” and, as applicable, “Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports.”
The information concerning our executive officers required by this Item is incorporated by reference herein to the section 
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K in Part I, entitled “Information About Our Executive Officers.”
We have adopted a code of ethics, our Code of Conduct, which applies to all employees, including our chief executive 
officer, Marc Benioff, principal financial officer, Amy Weaver, principal accounting officer, Sundeep Reddy and all other 
executive officers. The Code of Conduct is available on our website at http://investor.salesforce.com/about-us/investor/
corporate-governance/. A copy may also be obtained without charge by contacting Investor Relations, Salesforce, Inc., 
Salesforce Tower, 415 Mission St, 3rd Fl, San Francisco, California 94105 or by calling (415) 901-7000.
We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendment to, or waiver from, a 
provision of our Code of Conduct by posting such information on the website address and location specified above.
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to information contained in the Proxy 
Statement, including “Compensation Discussion and Analysis,” “Summary Compensation Table,” “Grants of Plan-Based 
Awards Table,” “Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal 2025 Year-End Table,” “Options Exercised and Stock Vested Table,” 
“Committee Reports,” “Directors and Corporate Governance” and “Employment Contracts and Certain Transactions.”
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND 
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to information contained in the Proxy 
Statement, including “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters” 
and “Equity Compensation Plan Information.”
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to information contained in the Proxy 
Statement, including “Directors and Corporate Governance” and “Employment Contracts and Certain Transactions.”
ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES
The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to information contained in the Proxy 
Statement, including “Ratification of Appointment of Independent Auditor.”
94

(a) The following documents are filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:
1. Financial Statements: The information concerning our financial statements, and Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm required by this Item is incorporated by reference herein to the section of this Annual 
Report on Form 10-K in Item 8, entitled “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”
2. Financial Statement Schedules: The Financial Statement Schedules have been omitted because they are not
applicable or are not required or are not present in material amounts or the information required to be set forth herein is 
included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto.
3. Exhibits: See “Index to Exhibits.”
(b) Exhibits. The exhibits listed below in the accompanying “Index to Exhibits” are filed or incorporated by reference as
part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY
Omitted at Registrant’s option.
Index to Exhibits
3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of 
Salesforce, Inc.
8-K 001-32224 3.2 7/1/2024
3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of 
Salesforce, Inc.
8-K 001-32224 3.1 12/10/2024
4.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate 10-Q 001-32224 4.1 6/1/2022
4.2 Indenture, dated April 11, 2018, between 
the Registrant and U.S. Bank National 
Association, as trustee
8-K 001-32224 4.1 4/11/2018
4.3 First Supplemental Indenture, dated 
April 11, 2018, between the Registrant and 
U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 
(including Forms of 2023 and 2028 Notes)
8-K 001-32224 4.2 4/11/2018
4.4 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated July 
12, 2021, between the Registrant and U.S. 
Bank National Association, as trustee 
(including Forms of the 2024, 2031, 2041, 
2051, 2061 and Sustainability Notes)
8-K 001-32224 4.2 7/12/2021
4.5 Description of the Registrant’s Capital 
Stock
10-K 001-32224 4.8 3/8/2023
10.1* Salesforce, Inc. Amended and Restated 
2013 Equity Incentive Plan
8-K 001-32224 10.1 7/1/2024
10.2* Salesforce, Inc. Amended and Restated 
2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
S-8 333-265555 4.4 6/13/2022
10.3* Form of Indemnification Agreement 
between the Registrant and its officers and 
directors
S-1/A 333-111289 10.1 4/20/2004
10.4* MetaMind, Inc. 2014 Stock Incentive Plan S-8 333-211510 4.1 5/20/2016
10.5* Salesforce, Inc. Amended and Restated 
2014 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan
10-Q 001-32224 10.3 5/30/2024
10.6* Related forms of equity agreements under 
the Amended and Restated 2013 Equity 
Incentive Plan
10-Q 001-32224 10.4 6/1/2022
Exhibit
No.
Provided
Herewith
Incorporated by Reference
Exhibit Description Form SEC File No. Exhibit Filing Date
PART IV
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
95

10.7* Related forms of equity agreements under 
the Amended and Restated 2004 Employee 
Stock Purchase Plan
10-Q 001-32224 10.5 6/1/2022
10.8* Related forms of equity agreements under 
the Amended and Restated 2014 
Inducement Equity Incentive Plan
10-Q 001-32224 10.6 6/1/2022
10.9* Forms of equity award agreements under 
the Amended and Restated 2013 Equity 
Incentive Plan
10-Q 001-32224 10.4 5/30/2024
10.10* Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 
under the Amended and Restated 2014 
Inducement Equity Incentive Plan
10-Q 001-32224 10.5 5/30/2024
10.11* Forms of equity award agreements under 
the Amended and Restated 2013 Equity 
Incentive Plan
X
10.12* Form of stock option agreement under the 
Amended and Restated 2014 Inducement 
Equity Incentive Plan
X
10.13* Amended and Restated Annual 
Performance Bonus Plan
10-Q 001-32224 10.1 5/30/2024
10.14* Traction Sales and Marketing Inc. Equity 
Incentive Plan
S-8 333-265557 4.3 6/13/2022
10.15* Tenyx, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan S-8 333-282514 4.3 10/4/2024
10.16* Form of Performance-Based Restricted 
Stock Unit Agreement
10-Q 001-32224 10.1 6/1/2023
10.17* Form of Change of Control and Retention 
Agreement as entered into with Marc 
Benioff
10-K 001-32224 10.13 3/9/2009
10.18* Form of Change of Control and Retention 
Agreement as entered into with Parker 
Harris
10-K 001-32224 10.14 3/9/2009
10.19* Form of Change of Control and Retention 
Agreement entered into with non-CEO 
Executive Officers after 2014
10-K 001-32224 10.16 3/5/2020
10.20* Retention Agreement, dated February 10, 
2021, between the Registrant and Brian 
Millham
10-Q 001-32224 10.2 6/1/2023
10.21* Aircraft Time Sharing Agreement, dated 
March 17, 2020, between the Registrant 
and Marc Benioff
10-K 001-32224 10.17 3/17/2021
10.22* Non-Employee Director Compensation 
Program
X
10.23* Offer Letter, dated June 8, 2023, between 
the Registrant and Sabastian Niles
10-Q 001-32224 10.6 5/30/2024
10.24* Transition Agreement, dated August 28, 
2024, between the Registrant and Amy 
Weaver
10-Q 001-32224 10.3 12/4/2024
10.25* Offer Letter, dated February 5, 2025, 
between the Registrant and Robin 
Washington
8-K 001-32224 10.1 2/5/2025
10.26* Amendment to Transition Agreement, 
dated March 4, 2025, between the 
Registrant and Amy Weaver
X
Exhibit
No.
Provided
Herewith
Incorporated by Reference
Exhibit Description Form SEC File No. Exhibit Filing Date
96

10.27 Office Lease, dated April 10, 2014, 
between the Registrant and Transbay 
Tower LLC
10-Q 001-32224 10.2 5/30/2014
10.28 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated 
November 10, 2014, between the 
Registrant and 50 Fremont Tower, LLC
10-Q 001-32224 10.2 11/26/2014
10.29 Credit Agreement, dated as of October 31, 
2024, by and among the Registrant, the 
lenders and issuing lenders party thereto, 
and Bank of America, N.A., as 
Administrative Agent
8-K 001-32224 10.1 11/5/2024
19 Insider Trading Policy X
21.1 List of Subsidiaries X
23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public 
Accounting Firm
X
24.1 Power of Attorney (incorporated by 
reference to the signature page of this 
Annual Report on Form 10-K)
X
31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 
or 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to 
Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 
2002
X
31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 
or 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to 
Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 
2002
X
32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 
U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant 
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
of 2002
X
97.1 Executive Officer Incentive Compensation 
Recovery Policy
10-K 001-32224 97.01 3/6/2024
99.1 Cash Severance Limitation Policy X
101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document
101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
Schema Document
101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
Calculation Linkbase Document
101.DEF Inline XBRL Extension Definition
101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label
Linkbase Document
101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
Presentation Linkbase Document
104 The Cover Page Interactive Data File, 
formatted in Inline XBRL (included in 
Exhibit 101)
Exhibit
No.
Provided
Herewith
Incorporated by Reference
Exhibit Description Form SEC File No. Exhibit Filing Date
* Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
97

Salesforce, Inc.
By: /s/ AMY WEAVER
Amy Weaver
President and
Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer)
Dated: March 5, 2025
Salesforce, Inc.
By: /s/ SUNDEEP REDDY
Sundeep Reddy
Executive Vice President and 
Chief Accounting Officer 
(Principal Accounting Officer)
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused 
this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
Dated: March 5, 2025
98

Signature Title Date
/s/ Marc Benioff Chair of the Board and Chief Executive 
Officer (Principal Executive Officer) March 5, 2025
Marc Benioff
/s/ Amy Weaver President and Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer) March 5, 2025 Amy Weaver
/s/ Sundeep Reddy Executive Vice President and Chief 
Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting 
Officer)
March 5, 2025
Sundeep Reddy
/s/ Laura Alber
Director March 5, 2025 Laura Alber
/s/ Craig Conway Director March 5, 2025
Craig Conway
/s/ Arnold Donald Director March 5, 2025
Arnold Donald
/s/ Parker Harris Director, Co-Founder March 5, 2025
Parker Harris
/s/ Neelie Kroes Director March 5, 2025
Neelie Kroes
/s/ Sachin Mehra
Director March 5, 2025
Sachin Mehra
/s/ Mason Morfit
Director March 5, 2025 Mason Morfit
/s/ Oscar Munoz Director March 5, 2025
Oscar Munoz
/s/ John V. Roos Director March 5, 2025
John V. Roos
/s/ Robin L. Washington Director March 5, 2025
Robin L. Washington
/s/ Maynard Webb Director March 5, 2025
Maynard Webb
POWER OF ATTORNEY AND SIGNATURES
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENT, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and 
appoints Marc Benioff, Amy Weaver, Sundeep Reddy and Sabastian Niles, his or her attorney-in-fact, each with the power of 
substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file 
the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, 
hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done 
by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has 
been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
99

Board of Directors
Marc Benioff Chair, Chief Executive Officer & Co-Founder
Laura Alber President & Chief Executive Officer, Willams-Sonoma
Craig Conway Former President & Chief Executive Officer, PeopleSoft
Arnold Donald Former President & Chief Executive Officer, Carnival Corporation
Parker Harris Chief Technology Officer, Slack & Co-Founder
Neelie Kroes Former Vice President of the European Commission
Sachin Mehra Chief Financial Officer, Mastercard
Mason Morfit Co-Chief Executive Officer & Chief Investment Officer, ValueAct Capital
Oscar Munoz Former Executive Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, United Airlines
John V. Roos Former U.S. Ambassador to Japan; Co-Founder, Geodesic Capital
Robin Washington President & Chief Operating and Financial Officer
Maynard Webb Founder, Webb Investment Network 
Executive Officers
Marc Benioff Chair, Chief Executive Officer & Co-Founder
Parker Harris Chief Technology Officer, Slack & Co-Founder
Miguel Milano President & Chief Revenue Officer
Sabastian Niles President & Chief Legal Officer
Sundeep Reddy Executive Vice President & Chief Accounting Officer
David Schmaier President & Chief Product and Impact Officer 
Srinivas Tallapragada President & Chief Engineering and Customer Success Officer
Robin Washington President & Chief Operating and Financial Officer
Note on Forward-Looking Statements
This annual report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Actual results could 
differ materially from those expressed in such statements. Further information on factors that could affect results is included in 
the fiscal 2025 Form 10-K, included in this annual report.
Investor Relations investor@salesforce.com
Stock Listing Salesforce trades on the New York Stock Exchange 
under the ticker symbol “CRM.”

Worldwide Corporate Headquarters
Salesforce, Inc.
Salesforce Tower
415 Mission Street, 3rd Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105, USA
1-800-NO-SOFTWARE

© 2025 Salesforce, Inc. All rights reserved. Salesforce and salesforce.com are registered trademarks of Salesforce, Inc. 
Salesforce owns other registered and unregistered trademarks. Other names used herein may be trademarks of their respective owners.
salesforce.com

================================================================================
FILE: SalesforceIncQ12025EarningsCallMay2920242.pdf
================================================================================

--- Page 1 ---
COPYRIGHT © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence
1
Salesforce, Inc. NYSE:CRM
FQ1 2025 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, May 29, 2024 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates
-FQ1 2025- -FQ2 2025- -FY 2025- -FY 2026-
CONSENSUS ACTUAL SURPRISE CONSENSUS CONSENSUS CONSENSUS GUIDANCE
EPS
Normalized 2.37 2.44 2.95 2.38 9.75 11.11 -
Revenue (mm) 9146.38 9133.00 (0.15 %) 9273.83 38008.53 41947.17 50000.00
Currency: USD
Consensus as of May-29-2024 9:56 PM GMT
- EPS NORMALIZED -
CONSENSUS ACTUAL SURPRISE
FQ2 2024 1.90 2.12 11.58 %
FQ3 2024 2.06 2.11 2.43 %
FQ4 2024 2.27 2.29 0.88 %
FQ1 2025 2.37 2.44 2.95 %

--- Page 2 ---
Contents
COPYRIGHT © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence
2
Table of Contents
Call Participants .................................................................................. 3
Presentation .................................................................................. 4
Question and Answer .................................................................................. 10

--- Page 3 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL | MAY 29, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 3
Call Participants
EXECUTIVES
Amy E. Weaver
President & CFO
Brian Millham
President & COO
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
Michael Spencer
Executive Vice President of
Investor Relations
ANALYSTS
Bradley Hartwell Sills
BofA Securities, Research Division
Brent John Thill
Jefferies LLC, Research Division
Karl Emil Keirstead
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division
Kasthuri Gopalan Rangan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division
Keith Weiss
Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Kirk Materne
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division
Mark Ronald Murphy
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division
Raimo Lenschow
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

--- Page 4 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL | MAY 29, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 4
Presentation
Operator
Welcome to Salesforce's Fiscal 2025 First Quarter Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]
I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker, Mike Spencer, Executive Vice President of
Finance and Strategy and Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Spencer
Executive Vice President of Investor Relations
Thanks, and good afternoon. Thanks for joining us today on our fiscal 2025 first quarter results conference
call. Our press release, SEC filings and a replay of today's call can be found on our website.
Joining me on the call today is Marc Benioff, Chair and CEO; Amy Weaver, President and Chief Financial
Officer; and Brian Millham, President and Chief Operating Officer.
As a reminder, our commentary today will include non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of our GAAP and
non-GAAP results and guidance can be found in our earnings materials and press release.
Some of our comments today may contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks,
uncertainties and assumptions, which could change. Should any of these risks materialize or should our
assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual company results could differ materially from these forwardlooking statements. A description of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions and other factors that
could affect our financial results is included in our SEC filings including our most recent report on Forms
10-K, 10-Q and any other SEC filings. Except as required by law, we do not undertake any responsibility to
update these forward-looking statements.
And with that, let me hand the call over to Marc.
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
All right. Thanks so much, Mike. I'm really excited for the call today because there's two things that I've
really been looking forward to talking about. First is our incredible financial transformation, as you can see
from the numbers today, and the second is the incredible work that's happening with artificial intelligence.
Look, first of all, in Q1, we delivered $9.13 billion in revenue, up 11% year-over-year in both nominal
and constant currency. Subscription support revenue grew at 12% year-over-year and 13% in constant
currency.
And for the 11th year in a row, Salesforce is still ranked the #1 provider worldwide by market share based
on the latest IDC software tracker. I mean that really gets to a core part of our technology transformation
that I'm going to get to, which is the transformation to AI. And because we are the #1 CRM provider.
We're now managing more than 250 petabytes of data for our customers. This is going to be absolutely
critical as they move into artificial intelligence.
And now also, let's turn to our financial guidance. For fiscal year '25, we're maintaining our revenue
guidance of $37.7 billion to $38 billion, growth of 8% to 9% year-over-year, and we now expect fiscal
year '25 subscription and support revenue growth to be approximately 10% year-over-year in constant
currency. As you can see from our results, we remain committed to profitable growth at scale, and I would
also say, incredible cash flow and continue to expect fiscal year '25 non-GAAP operating margin of 32.5%,
a 200 basis point improvement year-over-year.
I'm extremely proud of our team's focus and determination to deliver this world-class financial results,
including this cash flow and profitability in the quarter. And Brian and Amy will discuss Q1 performance in
much greater detail.

--- Page 5 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL | MAY 29, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 5
As I said, I couldn't be more excited about the opportunity ahead for Salesforce not only with these
incredible financial results but in the incredible transformations that we're leading with our customers in
artificial intelligence. Every company in the world, across every industry, is being transformed by AI in
the next few years. And when you look at the power of AI, you realize the models and the UI are not the
critical success factors. It's not critical where the enterprise will transform. There are thousands of these
models, some open source and some close source models, some built with billions, some with just a few
dollars, most of these will not survive. They're just commodities now, and it's not where the intelligence
lies. And they don't know anything about a company's customer relationships.
Each day, hundreds of petabytes of data are created that AI models can use for training and generating
output. But the one thing that every enterprise needs to make AI work is their customer data as well as
the metadata that describes the data, which provides the attributes and contacts the AI models need
to generate accurate, relevant output. And customer data and metadata are the new gold for these
enterprises. And Salesforce now manages, as I mentioned, 250 petabytes of this precious material.
We have one of the most and largest repositories of front-office enterprise data and metadata in the
world. And every day, more companies are adopting Salesforce as their front office, bringing all their
structured and unstructured data into our platform. Nearly half of our top 50 wins in the quarter included
6 or more of our clouds. That really speaks to the comprehensive nature of our strategy. It's incredible.
And many of these customers have a central business and customer data that exists outside of Salesforce
that's trapped in thousands of apps and silos. It's disconnected.
That's why we're seeing this incredible momentum with our Data Cloud, our fastest-growing organic,
and our next billion-dollar cloud. It's the first step to becoming an AI enterprise. Data Cloud gives every
company a single source of truth and you can securely power AI insights and actions across the entire
Customer 360.
Now let me tell you why I'm excited about Data Cloud and why it's transforming our customers and how
it's preparing them for this next generation of artificial intelligence. Data Cloud was included in 25% of
our $1 million-plus deals in the quarter. We added more than 1,000 Data Cloud customers for the second
quarter in a row. 8 trillion records were ingested in the Data Cloud in the quarter, up 42% year-over-year,
and we processed 2 quadrillion records. That's a 217% increase compared to last year.
Over 1 trillion activations drove customer engagement, which is a 33% increase year-over-year. This
incredible growth of data in our system and the level of transactions that we're able to deliver not just in
the core system but especially in data cloud is preparing our customers for this next generation of AI.
And last month, we created a Zero Copy Partner Network with partners, including Amazon, Databricks,
Google, IBM, Microsoft and Snowflake, so customers can access this live data from anywhere in Data
Cloud without copying or moving it. It's the engine of our future growth, and this is the engine of our
future artificial intelligence growth as well.
As you know, for years, we've delivered predictive AI across all our clouds with Einstein. Einstein is
generating hundreds of billions of predictions per day, trillions per week. Now we're working with
thousands of customers to power generative AI use cases with our Einstein Copilot, our Prompt Builder,
our Einstein Studio, all of which went live in the first quarter, and we've closed hundreds of Copilot deals
since this incredible technology has gone GA. And in just the last few months, we're seeing Einstein
Copilot develop higher levels of capability. We are absolutely delighted and could not be more excited
about the success that we're seeing with our customers with this great new capability.
Saks, a leader in the luxury fashion market, part of Hudson's Bay, went all-in on Salesforce in the quarter.
CEO Marc Metrick is using AI to create more personal experiences for every customer touch point across
their company. And with our Einstein 1 Platform in Data Cloud, Saks can unify and activate all its customer
data to power trusted AI.
Another great story is FedEx, a company that we all know, bringing together previously siloed information.
It's the leader in getting packages delivered quickly. And of course, how are we going to now deliver
a more productive, more efficient and more profitable FedEx? The Salesforce data and app and AI

--- Page 6 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL | MAY 29, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 6
capabilities generate expense savings. This is the core efficiency while growing and accelerating top line
revenue. This is the effectiveness that we're delivering for FedEx. This efficiency includes next best action
for sellers, automated lead nurturing, Slack for workflow management, opportunity scoring, a virtual
assistant, AI on unstructured data for delivering content to sales and customer service.
And when we think about effectiveness, we see our Journey Builder delivering hyper personalization,
integrating customer experiences across service, sales, marketing, the ability to tailor and deliver
customer experiences based on a Customer 360 view.
When we look at these incredible next generation of capability we've delivered at FedEx, gone now are
these days of static business rules that leave customers dissatisfied, asking, "Do they not know that I'm a
valued customer of FedEx?" Now FedEx has not only the power of the Customer 360 but the power of AI to
unlock so much more commercial potential by conducting an orchestra of commercial functions that never
played well together before.
You have a significant opportunity now with Salesforce and this incredible platform that sellers can
convince companies to transform all of their incredible capabilities to deliver another level profitability.
I think stories like that are driving our company forward, and it's all driven by the power of artificial
intelligence.
Another story I'm really excited about in the quarter is Air India, transformed with data and AI. If you
don't know about Air India, they're an incredible airline who's acquired multiple airlines to create this
amazing platform for India's growth. And with Data Cloud, Air India is unifying Data Cloud across loyalty,
reservations, flight systems and data warehouses. They have a single source of truth to handle more
than 550,000 service cases each month. And now with Einstein, we're automatically classifying and
summarizing cases and sending that to the right agent who'd recommend the next steps and upgrading
in high-value passenger experiences. Even when things happen like a flight delay, our system is able to
immediately intervene and provide the right capability to the right customer at the right time.
All of that frees up agents to deliver more personal service and create more personal relationships, a
more profitable, a more productive, a more efficient Air India, a company that's using AI to completely
transform their capability.
We are looking forward to talk to you more in this call about these incredible transformations, the financial
transformation that we've gone through with these incredible cash flow and margin numbers and this
incredible artificial intelligence transformation.
And now over to Brian.
Brian Millham
President & COO
Thanks, Marc, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. I also want to thank the team for their hard
work this quarter. As Marc said, we're incredibly well positioned for this AI transformation. We're the #1
AI CRM innovating at a pace I've not seen in my entire career. I could not be more excited about the
opportunity ahead.
We're seeing good demand as AI technology rapidly evolves and customers recognize the value of
transforming into AI enterprises. CEOs and CIOs are excited about the opportunity with data and AI and
how it can impact their front-office operations.
We continue to focus on our growth levers of multi-cloud deals, international expansion, industry
solutions, the Salesforce ecosystem and, of course, the data and AI innovations across all of our clouds.
Now let me briefly address the buying environment. We continue to see the measured buying behavior
similar to what we experienced over the past 2 years and with the exception of Q4 where we saw stronger
bookings. The momentum we saw in Q4 moderated in Q1 and we saw elongated deal cycles, deal
compression and high levels of budget scrutiny.

--- Page 7 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL | MAY 29, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 7
In addition, in Q1, as part of our ongoing transformation, we made some intentional changes in our go-tomarket organization to drive long-term productivity and create better customer experiences, which also
played a role in the softer bookings performance. At the same time, we are seeing strong momentum in
various parts of our business, particularly Data Cloud and industries. And we continue to drive our core
growth levers. Multi-cloud deals, again, were a highlight for us in the quarter with 6 of our top 10 deals,
including 6 or more clouds, showing the depth and relevance of our portfolio.
Let me give you just one example of a company that is using Salesforce across the entire front office.
CrowdStrike, a leading cybersecurity company and a longtime customer of Salesforce added Data Cloud,
Marketing Cloud, Commerce Cloud, Revenue Cloud and MuleSoft in the quarter. CrowdStrike already
relied on Einstein 1 sales and service and Slack, and now they'll use Data Cloud to pull together new and
trapped data from data lakes to build a 360-degree view of their customers, helping them align sales and
marketing efforts to drive growth.
They're also leveraging MuleSoft with incredible results. MuleSoft has helped CrowdStrike accelerate
project delivery by 30% and decrease maintenance costs by 20%. Salesforce is now the backbone of
CrowdStrike driving every aspect of CrowdStrike's operation and limiting the reliance on complex siloed
third-party applications.
As Marc said, we're seeing impressive growth in our Data Cloud business. In the quarter, 25% of our deals
over $1 million included Data Cloud. It's obviously an important growth lever for us as it brings all of our
clouds to life and makes them all better.
And we continue to see momentum in Einstein AI with wins at Turtle Bay Resort, Autodesk and Langley
Federal Credit Union as companies transform into AI enterprises.
One example is Siemens. Siemens lacked a centralized destination for customers to easily choose the
right products and buy on demand. To simplify the buying experience for customers, Siemens worked with
Salesforce to develop and launch its Accelerator Marketplace, an AI-powered digital marketplace built on
Einstein 1 Commerce, providing AI-generated product pages, smart recommendations and self-service
ordering. And they did it all in just 6 months.
And obviously, AI is not just for our customers. As part of our own transformation, we continue to adopt
AI inside Salesforce. Under the leadership of our Chief People Officer Nathalie Scardino and our Chief
Information Officer Juan Perez, we've integrated Einstein right into Slack, helping our employees schedule,
plan and summarize meetings and answer employee questions. Einstein has already answered nearly
370,000 employee queries in a single quarter. In our engineering organization, our developers now save
more than 20,000 hours of coding each month through the use of our AI tools. These innovations are
helping us drive continued efficiencies across the business and accelerate our product road maps.
We have great momentum with Slack, which again was included in nearly half of our top 50 deals in the
quarter. We also launched Slack AI in February, an amazing innovation that provides recap, summaries
and personalized search right within Slack. I personally have been using it every day to get caught up on
the conversations happening in every channel. And we've seen great traction with our customers with this
product, and our customers have summarized over 28 million Slack messages since its launch in February.
Rocket Mortgage added Slack AI in the quarter to help its employees save time and close loans faster.
They've also leveraged external Slack channels to collaborate with partners more effectively and
efficiently. (sic) [ This statistic was inadvertently attributed to Rocket Mortgage. ]
On the international front, we had a solid quarter. In Lat Am, we had great wins at Cielo and Grupo DPSP;
in EMEA, great wins at IHG Hotels & Resorts and John Lewis partnership; and in APAC, Atlassian and Bank
of Philippines Islands were wins in the quarter. We saw particular strength in our Japan business, with wins
at Seibu Prince Hotels worldwide and Hitachi.
Industries was another growth lever for us in the quarter. Half of our top 10 (sic) [ top 100 ] deals
included one of our industry cloud. A great example in the quarter was Paychex, a digital HR leader. By
leveraging Financial Service Cloud and Data Cloud, Paychex is able to unify their data, delivering better
insights and creating a single view of each customer. And using Einstein 1 sales and service, Paychex will

--- Page 8 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL | MAY 29, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 8
be able to proactively manage insurance renewals, which means agents can proactively reach out and
surface renewal opportunities during any touch point with the customer, 30, 60 or 90 days in advance,
driving an increased rate of renewals.
And in the public sector, the city of Los Angeles chose Salesforce to modernize how the city's 4 million
residents request city services using its MyLA311 system. The city will use government cloud and other
Salesforce solutions to integrate AI assistance into MyLA311 and modernize its own constituent-facing
services, giving residents more self-service options and improving service reliability and responsiveness.
Our partner ecosystem also continues to be a growth lever for us. I'm especially excited about our deep
partnership with Amazon as a growth driver as we move forward into Q2 and beyond with Salesforce
products now available on the AWS marketplace. Joint customers are able to expedite their deployments
through faster buying and billing experiences and flexible budgeting options.
In closing, I want to echo Marc in acknowledging the hard work of the team, our continued success has
been made possible by our amazing employees, customers, partners and trailblazers.
And with that, I will now pass it off to Amy.
Amy E. Weaver
President & CFO
Great. Thanks, Brian. Q1 represents another quarter of continued discipline and transformation across the
business. I am very proud of all of our employees for their continued dedication and hard work. Now let's
go straight to the results.
For the first quarter, revenue was $9.13 billion, up 11% year-over-year in nominal and constant currency.
The result was at the lower end of our guided range due to continuing pressures on professional services,
some license revenue volatility and the continued measured buying environment.
Subscription and support revenue grew 12% year-over-year in nominal and 13% in constant currency.
As mentioned on our last call, this included a tailwind from the timing of license revenue in MuleSoft and
Tableau related to Q4 deals and a 1 point benefit from the leap year.
From a geographic perspective, in Q1, Americas revenue grew 11%, EMEA grew 10% or 9% in constant
currency, and APAC grew 14% or 21% in constant currency. We saw strong new business growth in Japan,
India and Canada, while the U.S., parts of Lat Am and EMEA were constrained.
From an industry perspective, in Q1, public sector and financial services both performed well, while high
tech and retail and consumer goods were more constrained. Our new offerings for small and medium
businesses, Starter and Pro Suite, which are ready-to-use, simplified solutions, with AI built in, are
building momentum. In Q1, we added another 2,300 new logos to these products. Since Starter's launch
last year, we've seen customers upgrade to our recently launched Pro Suite and even to our Enterprise and
Unlimited editions.
Q1 revenue attrition ended the quarter at around 8%, in line with recent quarters. I'm also very pleased
that our non-GAAP operating margin again finished strong at 32.1%, up 450 basis points year-over-year.
And our profitable growth trajectory continues to drive strong cash flow generation.
Q1 operating cash flow was $6.25 billion, up 39% year-over-year. Q1 free cash flow was $6.1 billion, up
43% year-over-year. Cash flow did benefit modestly from the timing of cash tax payments. Now to put this
cash flow performance in context, we have more than tripled the cash we generated just 4 years ago.
Turning to remaining performance obligation, RPO, which represents all future revenue under contract. We
ended Q1 at $53.9 billion, up 15% year-over-year. Current remaining performance obligation, or CRPO,
ended at $26.4 billion, up 10% year-over-year in nominal. Now this includes a $200 million FX headwind,
which results in more than 10% year-over-year growth in constant currency. CRPO growth was primarily
driven by resilience in our core products. However, as Brian mentioned, we did continue to experience
measured buying behavior, which is reflected in the moderated Q1 bookings.

--- Page 9 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL | MAY 29, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 9
On capital return, we were incredibly proud to pay out our first ever quarterly dividend of $0.40 per
share for a total of $388 million. And altogether in Q1, we returned more than $2.5 billion in the form
of share repurchases and dividends. This brings our total cash return since the inception of our capital
return program to more than $14 billion. We remain committed to continued capital return and anticipate
declaring our quarterly dividend next month, subject to Board approval.
Now let's turn to guidance, starting with full fiscal year '25. A few items to note. First, on the buying
environment, we are assuming that the conditions we saw in Q1 continue throughout our fiscal year. On
FX, our revenue guidance continues to incorporate a $100 million FX headwind year-over-year or about a
30 basis points impact. We also continue to expect our professional services business to be a headwind to
revenue, with deal compression and customers delaying or slowing projects. However, we also continue
to see strong demand for data cloud and multi-cloud adoption. We're seeing benefits from recent pricing
and packaging changes, and we're seeing strong industries adoption. These factors are also included in
our guide.
As a result, on revenue, we are maintaining our guidance range of between $37.7 billion to $38 billion,
growth of 8% to 9% year-over-year. We now expect subscription and support revenue growth to be
approximately 10% year-over-year in constant currency. And we expect attrition to remain generally
consistent at slightly above 8% for the full year. As a reminder, starting in fiscal '25, we include Slack
invoice in the metric, which we expect to create a modest headwind.
Now turning to profitability and cash flow. On margins, we continue to expect fiscal year '25 non-GAAP
operating margin of 32.5%, representing a 200 basis point improvement year-over-year, following the
significant increase last year. This incorporates intentional investments in targeted growth opportunities,
notably AI, data and our core businesses.
Stock-based compensation is now expected to be just above 8% as a percent of revenue. The modest
increase from our prior guidance is primarily a result of lower voluntary employee attrition in Q1 than
in recent years. As a result, for fiscal year '25, GAAP operating margin guidance is expected to be
approximately 20%, representing 550 basis points of improvement year-over-year. We expect fiscal year
'25 GAAP diluted EPS of $6.04 to $6.12. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be $9.86 to $9.94.
As a result of our continued margin expansion, we are delivering world-class cash flow, and we continue
to expect fiscal year '25 operating cash flow growth to be approximately 21% to 24%, inclusive of cash
tax payment headwinds. We also continue to expect CapEx for the fiscal year to be slightly below 2% of
revenue. This results in free cash flow growth of approximately 23% to 26% for the fiscal year.
Now to guidance for Q2. On revenue, we expect $9.2 billion to $9.25 billion, up 7% to 8% year-over-year
in nominal and approximately 8% in constant currency. CRPO growth for Q2 is expected to be 9% yearover-year in nominal, including a $200 million FX headwind, resulting in 10% constant currency growth.
This includes ongoing headwinds from professional services. For Q2, we expect GAAP EPS of $1.31 to
$1.33 and non-GAAP EPS of $2.34 to $2.36.
In closing, I want to emphasize that I am incredibly proud of the company's commitment to disciplined,
strategic investments and continued productivity gains to drive strong margin expansion and cash flow
growth at scale. And of course, I want to thank our employees and our shareholders for their continued
support.
Now Mike, let's open up the call for questions.
Michael Spencer
Executive Vice President of Investor Relations
Thanks, Amy, and thanks, everyone, for joining. [Operator Instructions] And with that, Rob, we will take
the first question.

--- Page 10 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL | MAY 29, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 10
Question and Answer
Operator
[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss
Morgan Stanley, Research Division
I appreciate all the detail on sort of the growth drivers and what you guys are excited about in the
business. But the quarter did come in below your expectations for CRPO growth, and we all look at that as
a forward indicator, but you're not taking down the full year revenue guidance. So I was hoping you could
help us get comfortable on why that's not leaving risk on the table and why you guys feel comfortable that
original fiscal year '25 guide is still appropriate. Like, why not take it down and make it more conservative
and ensure that we can get back to beat and raise quarters on a go-forward basis?
Amy E. Weaver
President & CFO
Great. Keith, thanks for the question. I'll take that one. Let me start by saying that there are many factors
we have to consider within our guidance. And all in, based on what we're seeing at this time, we continue
to believe that we will be within the range we guided. .
Now any guide, that is a balancing act. And as Brian called out, we are continuing to see this measured
buying behavior. It's really been very consistent for the last 2 full years at this point with the possible
exception of Q4 where we did see stronger bookings. And you can see the impact of that environment on
our Q1 numbers. There's no question about that.
ProServ also continues to see more and more pressure as customers are really just looking for shorter
duration projects. However, this is really balanced by the demand that we are seeing in our products, and
that remains strong. We continue to see good demand on multi-cloud adoption. We're seeing benefits
from pricing and packaging changes that we have rolled out over the past year. We're seeing very healthy
adoption around our industries projects.
I also should point out that our attrition rate remains very healthy. Customers are continuing to rely on
Salesforce to run their businesses, and they'll continue to do that. So when I step back and really take a
holistic view of the full year. We do feel confident that we will be within our guidance range.
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
I'd like to add, I really continue to focus on, exactly like Amy says, this incredible transformation that
we've seen with the financials. And obviously, we're delivering some numbers this quarter that were
beyond our imagination just a few quarters ago. .
Another point of optimism is not just what Amy said but also we see this incredible transformation
happening with our customers. And we all know the AI transformation is many transformations. It's a
transformation of how we're interacting with software. It's also a transformation of these algorithms, what
we call these models that the AI is built on, and it's a transformation of the data that's used by whether
it's consumers or enterprises to deliver this incredible next level of intelligence. But for enterprises, we
know that this customer data and this metadata is really the new gold for these enterprises, and it's a
huge driver of growth for our business.
We all saw the report from McKinsey, 75% of the value of Gen AI use cases is in the front office. And
everybody knows Salesforce is the leader in front-office software. That's our fundamental premise for our
growth going forward. We're already managing 250 petabytes of data and metadata that's going to be
used to generate this incredible level of intelligence and artificial intelligence capability to deliver for our
customers a level of productivity and profitability they've just never been able to see before.

--- Page 11 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL | MAY 29, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 11
And at the heart of that is going to be our Data Cloud. And we've seen this Data Cloud, well, we've seen
this deliver for our customers an incredible level of capability in just the short period that we've made it
available. It's already included in 25% of our $1 million-plus deals, as I mentioned, and more than 1,000
Data Cloud customers in the second quarter again. That's our second quarter row.
When we look at a quarter where we see huge growth of a new product, it really sets us up for continued
delivery of growth of that incredible technology. But what's the cool thing about Data Cloud is it's
connected to every single one of our clouds. So it's making our Sales Cloud better, our Service Cloud
better, our Marketing Cloud, our Commerce Cloud. Every aspect of Salesforce is better now with this
incredible new technology.
Another key part of it is, as I mentioned, 8 trillion records were ingested into Data Cloud in the first
quarter, that was up 42% year-over-year; and 2 quadrillion records were processed, that's up 217% yearover-year; and over 1 trillion activations driving customer engagement, up 33% year-over-year. All of that
means that we're preparing to our customers for a level of data capability that's going to give them this
next capability of artificial intelligence. And last month, we created the Zero Copy Partner Network with
Amazon, Databricks, Google, IBM, Microsoft and Snowflake that federates our Data Cloud with all these
amazing data sources.
Look, we really are focused on two things in our company. One is this incredible financial transformation
that we've all gone through with you in the last year. The second one is this incredible transformation
to artificial intelligence, which is going to be based on data. I don't think any company is more well
positioned for the future of artificial intelligence and also delivering the kind of metrics that our
stakeholders are going to want in Salesforce.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Brad Sills from Bank of America.
Bradley Hartwell Sills
BofA Securities, Research Division
I appreciate the commentary on the impact from the tough macro. We're certainly seeing that across
the group. Brian, you mentioned also perhaps some impact here from go-to-market changes, which is, I
guess, shouldn't be a big surprise given all that's going on at Salesforce right now. I wonder if you could
just articulate a little bit on that. What are those changes? Is this the kind of situation where it's just some
short-term impact that could benefit the sales productivity over the longer term?
Brian Millham
President & COO
Yes, Brad, thanks for the question. And you're exactly right. These are changes that we typically make
in the first quarter. It's the most obvious time to make those changes when you start out a new year.
These changes are actually intended to be productivity drivers for the future. Absolutely right, we want
to get aligned behind our go-to-market strategy around buyer to make sure that we're aligned to support
our customer scale, that we can really support our multi-cloud strategy going forward to ensure our
customers know exactly what we can do to support them across our entire product portfolio. And some
of the changes that we made were exactly for that reason, how do we ensure that we are aligned behind
that strategy to ensure we can go faster in Q2, Q3 and Q4. So you're absolutely right, the changes, while
impactful in Q1 are short term, and we expect to see productivity gains from them going forward.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thill from Jefferies.
Brent John Thill
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

--- Page 12 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL | MAY 29, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 12
Just from a geographic perspective, Europe looked like it was a little weaker, I'm curious if that's where
you saw the pronounced weakness in EMEA. Or was this pretty consistent across most of the geographic
regions?
Brian Millham
President & COO
Yes, EMEA was weaker in the quarter. Frankly, feeling some of the measured buying environment. Most
pronouncedly, actually felt it also in the Americas. But there are other pockets around the world that
were very strong. Canada was a strong region for us in the quarter. I mentioned our Japan business
really accelerated in the quarter, really outstanding performance from our Japan business. So the big
businesses are going to feel the impact, obviously, of the measured buying environment. In the Americas,
more exposure to technology, which I think we all know has been a tough industry over the last several
quarters. SMB and other areas, the transactional business, these are the areas where we're going to feel
some of those headwinds in the business. So spot-on, EMEA and America sort of feeling the impacts of the
measured environments.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Kirk Materne from Evercore ISI.
Kirk Materne
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division
Maybe for Marc or Brian. But I was just kind of curious, when we think about this measured buying
environment, is there any sort of crowding effect around AI that's impacting software in your view,
meaning when you think about all these companies starting to gear up for this next platform shift, was it
just the uncertainty of what they're going to spend on over the next 6 to 12 months, holding them back
perhaps on what their normal sort of pace of spending might be with you all or other enterprise software
companies? I know it's sort of an ongoing question, wondering if you all could weigh in.
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
Well, let me give you my swing at exactly where we are, and then I'm going to turn it over to Brian to
fill in the detail. I think when you look back over the last 4 years, Salesforce entered the pandemic in
2020, that's 4 years ago almost exactly, about half the size that we're at now. We've doubled our company
at scale from $20 billion to approximately $40 billion. That's how I look at it in my mind. You can fill in
the exact numbers. And over that period of time, we saw an incredible surge in the demand and buying
environment and in the sales environment, especially during the pandemic.
As we entered the post-pandemic reality, we saw companies who had acquired so much software in that
time looked to actually rationalize it, ingest it, integrate it, install it, update it. I mean it's just a massive
amount of software that was put in. And so every enterprise software company kind of has adjusted
during end of this post-pandemic environment. So when you look at all of these companies, especially as
you saw them report in the last 30 days, they're all basically saying that same thing in different ways.
When you take AI, that has to be our growth driver for future capabilities for these companies. AI, when
we look at these companies and the stories that we told on the call, whether it's FedEx or Air India or
CrowdStrike or Paychex or any of the huge deals that we did in the quarter, what we're seeing is not only
the installation and integration and implementation of the platforms that we've sold in the last 4 years but
the layering in of this new capability, which is delivering for these companies a kind of a capability that we
weren't able to forecast 4 years ago.
I told you the story of FedEx, like when we talk to their top executives about what they've delivered,
or you take an incredible company like State Farms with kind of automated 60 million policyholders,
thousands of agents, they're just able to deliver at a level of capability. And I said it before, but
profitability, employee augmentation, better customer relationships, much higher margins, these are

--- Page 13 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL | MAY 29, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 13
financial metrics that we're able to deliver into these implementations. That's on top of where we were 4
years ago.
And the point I was trying to make here earlier, and I'll keep making, which is, the most important thing
Salesforce is doing is not just continuing to automate every customer touch point. This is obviously critical
and why we've been able to consume this 250 petabytes of information, but the second key point is we've
rebuilt the way that we are delivering a foundation of data for our customers. Why is that so important?
Because as we have now re-architected all of our apps and all of our capabilities to fuel and fund this Data
Cloud, it means that, for our customers going forward, they're going to be able to take this Data Cloud
and leverage that into their future capability and growth and especially profitability and productivity.
And that is where our whole company and I think our whole industry is eventually going to go. Not
every company is as well positioned, as you know, for this artificial intelligence capability of Salesforce is
because they just don't have the data. They may say they have this capability or that capability, this user
interface, that model, that whatever, all of these things are quite fungible and are expiring quickly as the
technology rapidly moves forward. But the piece that will not expire is the data. The data is the permanent
key aspect that, as we've said, even in our core marketing, it's the gold for our customers and their ability
to deliver our next capability in their own enterprises.
And Brian, I'll turn it over to you.
Brian Millham
President & COO
Yes. Thanks, Marc. And all those things are absolutely true. Marc said earlier, 75% of gen AI, benefits
will come from the front office. And we're really feeling that right now in our demand we're seeing from
our customers and the pipelines that we're creating out there, solid performance on pipe gen. I do think
customers are getting their data estate in order as a precursor to leveraging AI capabilities, and we're
seeing that with the growth of Data Cloud right now, customers really wanting to bring together many
data sources so they can leverage AI in the flow of work and our capabilities. So I think it's actually a step
process for many of our customers. Let's get our data in order and then let's layer in the AI to really drive
the productivity gains that we expect. And so that's really what we're seeing in the market right now, Kirk.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Karl Keirstead from UBS.
Karl Emil Keirstead
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Maybe I'll switch subjects. So Marc and Amy, there was some concern in your shareholder base in March
and April around media reports related to M&A. I know you can't comment on those reports, not expecting
that, but wondering if you could comment on your M&A framework, whether there has been any change to
it at all, I think might be helpful.
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
Yes. No, I'd love to talk about that, and I think it's extremely important. I mean Salesforce has a long
history of innovation, organic innovation like we've seen today with Data Cloud. Everyone, I'm sure,
is extremely impressed with the growth of that product. But also inorganic innovation, and a lot of
our customer touch points, whether it's our commerce platform or our marketing platform and their
integration platform, are inorganic innovation, products that we acquired, many of them at a multihundred million dollar revenue level, that are at the multibillion-dollar revenue level.
Some of the largest, most important software companies in the market today are actually companies that
we acquired at much smaller levels. And all of you know Salesforce's story and how we put all of that
together. And of course, I've mentioned we're re-architecting almost every single one of those products
and quite successfully and redeploying them to our customers into a single integrated data fabric to
provide the power of future artificial intelligence. Now when we look at all of that combined, we always are

--- Page 14 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL | MAY 29, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 14
looking at what is the next level of innovation. And so we're going to be looking at products organically.
But yes, we will continue to look at products inorganically.
But as we've committed to you, if we're looking at a large-scale acquisition, we're going to make sure that
it is not dilutive to our customers, that it's accretive, that it has the right metrics. And we're also going
to be quick to walk away from things that we are not totally confident in or that we don't have the trust
with whatever company that we're looking at. So we have operated inside that framework. We continue to
acquire companies. We just acquired an amazing new company called Spiff, which is part of our Salesforce
automation platform. It's an amazing capability.
I mean Salesforce, as you know, is the #1 SFA platform in the world. That SFA platform got a lot better
this quarter with the capabilities now that it's deeply integrated into Data Cloud, which gives SFA
customers the next step of growth with our SFA platform but also it has an incredible new level of artificial
intelligence and generative AI capabilities now built into the Sales Cloud. And in addition, it also has
compensation capabilities through Spiff, and that's through inorganic, and that was acquired through
our new M&A framework, for example. And as we go forward, we're going to continue to look at those
opportunities.
And look, we're not going to shy away from M&A for any one particular reason if it's within our framework.
But if it's outside of our framework, we're going to be extremely cautious. And let me have Amy reiterate
what the attributes of that framework are and how we look at M&A because I don't think any company has
been more successful with M&A than Salesforce has been. I mean that's how we've built our Customer
360 and have this incredible, incredible platform that we're able to automate these amazing companies
with what we've gone through.
But as we go forward, we know that we need to slightly adjust that so that we can continue to deliver to
you these amazing financial metrics that you see, like you see this amazing cash flow number and margin
number that we've seen rarely before in the software industry. Maybe only a couple of companies have
ever delivered cash flow at this level, and I think it's higher than most of the great consumer companies
like Coke and Starbucks and all of that. Like, these numbers are pretty epic in that area. But we know we
continue to deliver cash flow and margin numbers at this level. We're also going to have to continue to
keep our eye on the M&A framework.
So Amy, let's talk about that.
Amy E. Weaver
President & CFO
Great. Thanks, Marc. Let me back it up a little bit to talk about our capital allocation strategy overall. And
it's really very simple. We are going to continue to expand our free cash flow margin as we scale. We
are going to invest in innovation. As Marc said, that is organic and it can be inorganic, if it matches our
principles and our goals. And we're going to return cash to shareholders, and we're doing that now both
through our share repurchase program and our dividend program.
Now on the inorganic perspective, as you brought up, we're always going to be opportunistic. M&A has
been an incredible part of our past. I'm sure at the right time, it will be part of our future. But it's got to fit
into the framework that we have been outlining for the last few days. We're going to have to have a time
line to value accretion. We're going to need to prioritize our use of the balance sheet, and it's got to be a
best-in-class asset. And when all that comes together, that's what we'll be focused on.
In the meantime, I really want to talk about our goal, we are trying to optimize shareholder value. At the
end of the day, that's the single most important element. And we're doing that by focusing on delivering
very strong free cash flow per share. We're doing this by our focus on profitable growth and by very
carefully managing our dilution. When you bring that together, I am very confident in our long-term free
cash flow per share opportunity and very confident about our capital allocation strategy overall.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Raimo Lenschow from Barclays.

--- Page 15 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL | MAY 29, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 15
Raimo Lenschow
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division
Obviously, this quarter was impacted on the booking side. Maybe a question for Brian and Amy here. If
you think about the two factors you pointed out, one is the economy, one is on the sales changes at the
beginning of the year, on the economy side, like we've been talking about a tough selling environment for
a while now, has it gotten worse from what you've seen? Or are the issues this quarter more coming from
the sales reorg?
Brian Millham
President & COO
Raimo, thanks for the question. Appreciate it. Hard to parse apart what the two impacts were in our first
quarter, no doubt about it. We did have some changes that I outlined in the quarter as we set ourselves
up for productivity in FY '25. The economy question, I think, is one that we feel like it's similar to what
we felt in the first half of last year. The same measured buying environment that we experienced in the
first half is sort of what felt like the same in Q1. We came off a Q4 that was very solid, very, very strong
performance. In retrospect, in hindsight, we may have been in a similar environment but executed very
well as a sales team in that fourth quarter. So hard to really parse apart these things.
But when you look at some of the transactions that we saw in Q1, we saw compression on many deals
that we ultimately ended up getting done, but they got smaller when we ultimately closed them. We saw a
couple of deals push out of the quarter as people delayed decisions that we thought would actually happen
in our first quarter. And this no-decision issue is coming up more frequently than we anticipated. So hard
to really parse those two things apart. But when you combine them both in a particular quarter, it can
have an impact of lower bookings, and that's what we felt in our first quarter.
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
Yes. I think I'd also like to add, and I'll just give you a little color on the narrative inside our company.
When we look at operating inside this environment, which we've been now going through for a couple
of years, and we look at, hey, how do we continue to deliver these strong ACV numbers but also how do
we continue to deliver the overall strong financial metrics, at the same time, it's important that we're
delivering this high level of customer success to prepare for our future growth, it's really along three lines.
And those three lines, first of all, is we are just having to start every quarter with much higher pipelines.
We look at these pipeline multiples as much higher than we've traditionally had to start with, and this
is really critical in managing our distribution organization and overall success in the quarter. And where
traditionally, we might have to start our pipelines at 2x, now our message to our distribution leaders is,
hey, if you're going to start out your pipeline in the quarter, you better start out at 3x. And this is also our
message to our peers as well, to evaluate the pipeline much more aggressively than ever before. That
means a much deeper inspection of the pipeline but holding it at a much higher level. That is evidence of
this environment. And if you would ask any leader in this company how many times they've heard from
me or from Brian that they better started at a 3x pipeline because that is the world that we're in today.
The second attribute that's incredibly important for all of our leaders in our company or throughout our
industry is you might need a much higher level of enablement. What that means is so many people
have come into our industry in the last 5 or even 10 years, a lot of them just need the level of training
capability, especially as we move into this new area of artificial intelligence, generative AI, data, the
kind of capabilities that we're talking about when we explain to people how models work, how UIs work,
how data frameworks work and how it works in regards to our software and our platforms and our
architectures, that is requiring a level of training that is incredibly important. And when we're talking
about companies at scale like Salesforce who have very significant numbers of salespeople, I'm not going
to go into all of the details of how it's organized and how many we have, but just know that, that requires
a very high level of enablement, and that's the second key attribute, managing this framework in this
environment.

--- Page 16 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL | MAY 29, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 16
And the third is a level of stability. Now when you enter the first quarter of any fiscal year, there always
is going to be a desire of every sales organization to slightly shift, slightly adjust their strategy and their
organization to reflect the demand for the fiscal year. You start the fiscal year writing your business
plan, thinking about how you're going to execute, and then you have to look at how much disruption are
you able to tolerate in the quarter. Because if you over shift, if you do too much, you will end up with
more volatility in the quarter in the ACV than you like. Now it may result in a better fourth quarter. A
good example is last year where we saw, okay, in the first quarter, we might not have achieved exactly
everything we wanted because we had too much disruption, but by the fourth quarter, we over delivered.
So there is a level of balance that has to be achieved in regards to stability and disruption.
And those three attributes, having 3x pipelines, having much higher levels of enablement and having
much higher levels of stability, that is the key to managing in this environment in this part of the industry
right now. And when I talk to my peers and other major enterprise software companies, that is what
I'm really emphasizing to them. And for all of them, of course, it's good if they're using our products
because our products are really the key to making all of that happen because we're able to deliver for
these companies all of those things that they need to have that level of success as well.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan from Goldman Sachs.
Kasthuri Gopalan Rangan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division
I'm actually looking at the Salesforce Tower from my office here. And I'm thinking about the past.
Marc, you've been through all these cycles before. Maybe it's just cyclical, maybe high interest rates,
causing economic uncertainty, maybe it's as simple as that. Or maybe it's structural. And if it's structural,
maybe there's an architectural change going on. Marc, you drove the last big architectural change from
distributed computing to internet computing. How confident you are that this generative AI, which is
causing an upheaval in that whole tech stack, is not something to take lightly?
And what are the things that the company is preparing, if it's not just cyclical or maybe the structural
change that's going on, what are the things that you are doing to the company to bulletproof? Because
typically, incumbents miss big transitions, right? You and I have seen that. We've all seen that. What
are the things you're doing to ensure that you're bulletproof in that regard that you're absolutely ready
architecturally for the next cycle?
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
Well, I'd like to make a couple of comments on that. I think that, number one, it's been pretty magical to
use OpenAI over the last year, especially in the last release, when I'm really talking to it. And when I think
about the incredible engineering effort that OpenAI has done, it's pretty awesome. They've built a great
UI. I love talking to the software. They have really strong algorithms or what we call Models, especially
their new one, which is their 4o Model. And then they stole data from lots of companies like Time, Dow
Jones, New York Times, Reddit.
Now they're all making good, doing agreements with all of us, saying, "We're sorry," and paying for it.
And they took that data, they normalized it, they delivered a comprehensive data set that they train their
model on. And all of us understand that that's what they did, right? They have the great UI, they have this
amazing model and then they have the data. And then we've seen a lot of fast followers with the models.
It could be open source models like Llama 3. It could be some proprietary models like Gemini from Google
and others. Now there's thousands and thousands of these models. And if you look on Hugging Face,
everybody is a fast follower. And 6 months later, everybody is where everybody else was 6 months ago.
And the data, well, a lot of these companies are all thinking they can rip off all this data, too, and they're
all having to pay that price. Okay, that's the consumer world.
The enterprise world is a little different, right? We have great user interfaces, great apps, all kinds of great
technology that our users are using, the millions and millions of users. Then we have the same models, in

--- Page 17 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL | MAY 29, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 17
many cases, or maybe we've written some of our own models with our engineers. But then the third piece
is the data. And that data is a little bit different. Because in the enterprise, how do you put together these
large, fully normalized data sets to deliver this incredible capability, and that is where the magic is going
to be. Because for all companies, including ours and others, who want to deploy generative AI internally,
it's not going to be Times Magazine that's going to give you the intelligence, it's going to be our customer
data and your transaction history and how you're how your company operates in your workflow and your
metadata.
And that idea that we can deliver another level of productivity for companies using that architecture is
absolutely in front of us. But that idea that we have to do it with the right architecture, that also is in front
of us. And I think that while we can say it's a different kind of architecture, it's still the same idea that we
need a great UI, we need models, but we're going to need very highly normalized and federated data. And
that data needs to be stored somewhere, and it needs to come from somewhere. And that is going to be
something that's going to continue in perpetuity over time as these models and UIs are quite fungible. And
we'll be using different models and different UIs over the years, but we'll be using the same deep data
sources. And I think that is why, when I look at what Salesforce is doing, this is going to be critical for our
customers.
Now you may see great new UIs like Agents and you may see great new UIs like you see what we've
deployed with Slack. Brian was talking about how he's changed how he uses Slack with our new Slack
AI or what we've done with SFA this quarter, service this quarter with the incredible new generative
capabilities. But this idea that the data is going to be more important for companies than ever, having
deeply normalized federated data sources, and when I look at the success we've had with so many of
these companies, I mentioned State Farm briefly, we've become their fundamental data architecture. That
is not where we were with that company even 4 years ago.
Now they look at us as the fundamental framework for their future. And as they want to deploy agents
or as they want to deploy new user interfaces or achieve more productivity, the data that they have
in Salesforce and the ability to manage and share, keep that data reliable, available and scalable, the
way that we do updates that we don't bring down our system, do an upgrade and an update like a lot of
vendors still do, those kind of capabilities, that will be more important than ever. And I think that, that is
going to be a huge driver for our growth going forward and provide the foundation for this future and what
the future of the enterprise is going to look like. And I think it's a little bit different than in the consumer
model.
Operator
Your final question comes from the line of Mark Murphy from JPMorgan.
Mark Ronald Murphy
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Marc, you mentioned that there's a transformation of how we interact with software that's happening. And
I'm curious if you sense any temporary pause as customers may be trying to digest the new innovations,
the new pricing mechanisms. It includes consumption pricing. And perhaps there's going to be a pause
that refreshes down the road as they ultimately gain comfort and start to move forward with the Einstein
Copilots and all the other innovations that require a little bit of a different architecture, a different thought
process.
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
Well, I think it's a very key question, which is Salesforce is managing many different kinds of pricing
models. Obviously, like our Data Cloud is a consumption product. We've seen a clear path out to over $1
billion in revenue with that product. It uses consumption pricing. We look at our core SFA product, which
is a product doing, I don't know, approximately $8 billion a year or Service Cloud doing approximately $8
billion a year. These are per user prices.

--- Page 18 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL | MAY 29, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 18
But when you buy Salesforce now and you're buying our products, you might be buying a new product
that we have called UE+. And that's a product that we just introduced a few months ago. Now why is that
exciting? Because UE+ is a hybrid pricing model that includes per user pricing and consumption pricing. It
delivers for our customers the ability to deploy all the architectures that I articulated on the call today but
to do it in an incredibly competitive price point.
And when we look at the very large customers that are deploying Salesforce, standardizing on our
platform to deliver this kind of capability for the future, as we retrain our salespeople to be able to have
the narrative that I have on the call today, this idea that we can deliver basically not only the #1 AI CRM,
we see these incredible growth in our pipelines, as I mentioned, not only the kind of the next-generation
price points and products like with UE+, but we have to deliver it with a level of customer success through
our partners and the implementations at scale and also with the culture that Salesforce is known for.
Those are really the five elements that we are really taking into consideration as we're moving forward.
We think that we have the right mix, and we're spending a lot of time talking to our customers very, very
closely. Don't think that there aren't a lot of people walking into these companies saying, "Hey, you can do
this. You can do that. You can do these other things". We've seen a lot of that in the last 6 to 12 months,
and then it turns out that you can't. "Hey, I can make this happen. I can make that happen. I can pull a
rabbit out of the hat in the enterprise for you by doing this, that and the other thing," and then it doesn't
actually happen. And then what it turns out is you got to do a lot of the hard work to make this AI happen,
and that starts with building highly normalized, large-scale, federated, highly available data sources. And
then building on top of that the kind of capabilities to deliver it to our customers.
I think a common story is, "Hey, oh, yes, I am a provider of a data lake or a data capability. And just
by going to that, I'm going to be able to provide all your AI." But then it turns out that no one in the
enterprise actually uses that product. There is no UI that's commonly accessed. That's why I'm so excited
that Salesforce has Sales Cloud and Service Cloud and Tableau and Slack and all of our amazing products
that have these huge numbers of users that use these products every single day in a trusted, scalable way
and then connecting that into this new capability. That's where the magic is going to happen.
By the time we get to Dreamforce, and for those of you who maybe were at our Connections Conference
or our last World Tour in New York or even TrailheaDX, we haven't heard gasps in the audience when we
demoed the products in, I think, maybe ever. Like, some of the new technologies incredible we're able to
deliver for our customers, and I think that it's going to be extremely exciting going forward, and it will be
delivered with a variety of new business models and pricing models. But at the end of the day, we're going
to have to be a trusted partner to these customers delivering this AI at scale.
Michael Spencer
Executive Vice President of Investor Relations
Great. We want to thank everyone for joining the call today, and we look forward to seeing everyone over
the coming weeks.
Operator
This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

--- Page 19 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL | MAY 29, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 19
Copyright © 2024 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.
These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.
S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

================================================================================
FILE: SalesforceIncQ22025EarningsCallAug282024.pdf
================================================================================

--- Page 1 ---
COPYRIGHT © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence
1
Salesforce, Inc. NYSE:CRM
FQ2 2025 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, August 28, 2024 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates
-FQ2 2025- -FQ3 2025- -FY 2025- -FY 2026-
CONSENSUS ACTUAL SURPRISE CONSENSUS CONSENSUS CONSENSUS GUIDANCE
EPS
Normalized 2.36 2.56 8.47 2.43 9.90 11.01 -
Revenue (mm) 9233.57 9325.00 0.99 9413.25 37848.05 41372.33 50000.00
Currency: USD
Consensus as of Aug-28-2024 4:47 PM GMT
- EPS NORMALIZED -
CONSENSUS ACTUAL SURPRISE
FQ3 2024 2.06 2.11 2.43 %
FQ4 2024 2.27 2.29 0.88 %
FQ1 2025 2.37 2.44 2.95 %
FQ2 2025 2.36 2.56 8.47 %

--- Page 2 ---
Contents
COPYRIGHT © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence
2
Table of Contents
Call Participants .................................................................................. 3
Presentation .................................................................................. 4
Question and Answer .................................................................................. 15

--- Page 3 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL | AUG 28, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 3
Call Participants
EXECUTIVES
Amy E. Weaver
President & CFO
Brian Millham
President & COO
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
Michael Spencer
Executive Vice President of
Investor Relations
Sabastian V. Niles
President & Chief Legal Officer
ANALYSTS
Brent John Thill
Jefferies LLC, Research Division
Kasthuri Gopalan Rangan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division
Keith Weiss
Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Kirk Materne
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

--- Page 4 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL | AUG 28, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 4
Presentation
Operator
Welcome to Salesforce's Fiscal 2025 Second Quarter Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]
I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker, Mike Spencer, Executive Vice President of
Finance and Strategy and Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Spencer
Executive Vice President of Investor Relations
Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today on the fiscal 2025 second quarter results conference call.
Our press release, SEC filings and a replay of today's call can be found on our website. Joining me on the
call today is Marc Benioff, Chair and CEO; Amy Weaver, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Brian
Millham, President and Chief Operating Officer.
As a reminder, our commentary today will include non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations between our GAAP
and non-GAAP results and guidance can be found in our earnings materials and press release. Some of
our comments today may contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks, uncertainties and
assumptions, which could change. Should any of these risks materialize or should our assumptions prove
to be incorrect, actual company results could materially differ from these forward-looking statements. A
description of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions and other factors that could affect our financial
results is included in our SEC filings, including the most recent report on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and any other
SEC filings. Except as required by law, we do not undertake any responsibility to update these forwardlooking statements.
And with that, let me hand the call over to Marc.
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
All right. Thanks so much, Mike, and thanks, everyone, for being on the call. We've got so many exciting
things to talk about today, and we're so excited to be with you, and we're also getting really jacked for
Dreamforce, so looking forward to that. And we are just going to have a great call here.
So look, a year ago on this call, we talked about 2 amazing transformations. So we're transforming
Salesforce for as we're talking about the short and the long term, which was really code words for really
addressing our financials, but really looking at this incredible AI opportunity. And now we look at a year
later, I just couldn't be more excited about how these 2 transformations are driving the success of the
company. And really, I don't think I've been more excited about the history of Salesforce and now the
future of Salesforce and how well positioned we are for the future.
And you can see it in our numbers with strong performance across revenue, cash flow, margin and cRPO,
the numbers are beyond my expectation in the quarter, you can see that it's been pretty awesome. And
you can also see them the incredible innovation of our product and engineering teams are delivering the
success of our customers. And we're going to talk about a whole different kind of sales force today, a
different kind of architecture and a product that we didn't even talk about on the last earnings call that
is going to be fundamental to our future and a manifestation of our decade of AI leadership, which is
Agentforce.
Now in just a few weeks, we're going to kick off Dreamforce, and I hope all of you are planning to be
there, the largest AI event in the world with more than 45,000 trailblazers in San Francisco. And this year,
Dreamforce is really becoming Agentforce. And I'll tell you, a funny thing about Agentforce, even one of
our very top executives in engineering sent me a text last week and said, "Hey, should we be renaming
the company from Salesforce to Agentforce because we're all getting so excited about Agentforce?"

--- Page 5 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL | AUG 28, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 5
And I also told Mike that I really want to make sure all of you are there and to do what he can to put
together an analyst briefing at Dreamforce. And I told them I pay for to have outstanding culinary chefs
and maybe we can bring in some great entertainment for all of you -- to encourage you all to come. So
I just gave him a huge budget to really motivate everyone, because I think this is going to be a moment
that everyone is going to have to see in person to understand what is going on.
And I'm going to explain that in a second because we're going to show our new Agentforce agents and
how we've reimagined enterprise software for this new world of autonomous AI. And every customer, I'm
going to try to get every customer who comes to Dreamforce to turn agents on while they're there. So
many of the customers, of course, are already using our applications. You know that, okay? And of course,
we're automating all our customer touch points. That's our Customer 360.
And we've been talking now for the last couple of years about how we've really built this phenomenal Data
Cloud that has really become, I would say, our fastest-growing, most exciting product ever up until one
that we're better to talk about, which is to help our customers amalgamate all the data that they need to
really get their AI act and orders that gets their data and metadata integrated and then federate to other
data sources. And then this critical third tier, which this is the first call that we've ever talked about it,
which is these agents.
And this idea that you're not just going to have sales agents and service agents who probably read, heard
maybe you saw in CBC, we're building the agents for Workday, and we're going to be building custom
agents for so many of you as well with Agentforce because it is a development platform as well as this
incredible capability to radically extend your sales and service organizations.
So when you arrive at the Dreamforce campus, you're going to see a big sign outside that says, "Humans
with agents drive customer success together." And that's because we now so strongly believe the future
isn't about having a sales force or a service force or a marketing force or a commerce force or an analytics
force, the future is about also having an agent force. And while many customers today don't yet have
agent forces, but they do have sales forces or service forces, I assure you that within a year, we're all
going to have agent forces, and we're going to have them at scale. And it's going to radically extend our
companies and it's going to augment our employees, make us more productive.
It's going to turn this into these incredible margin and revenue machines. It's going to be pretty awesome.
And -- this is really the future, a new future that we can really envision and with this Agentforce platform,
we're making it easy to build these powerful autonomous agents for sales, for service, for marketing,
for commerce, automating the entire workflow on their own, embedding agents in the flow of work and
getting our customers to the agent future first.
And this is our primary goal of our company right now. This is my singular focus. So at Dreamforce and
on this call, you're going to hear a lot of stories already of customers, and we're going to talk about the
customers who have it, customers like OpenTable and Wiley and ADP and RBC and so many others who
are deploying these agents and running them on top of our Data Cloud and our apps.
And in fact, you're going to hear about -- I mean at Dreamforce, you're going to hear one of the very
largest health care companies in the world. It's got 20 million consumers here in the United States who is
resolving more than 90% of all patient inquiries with Agentforce and they're benchmarking us significantly
higher than any other competing AI platform, and that's based on some incredible AI breakthroughs that
we have had at Salesforce.
And I just have to call out the quality of our research team, our engineering team and our product team
because the accuracy of our results, the reduction of hallucinations and the level of capability of AI is
unlike anything I think that any of us have ever seen, and we've got some incredible new techniques,
especially incredible new augmented RAG techniques that are delivering us the capability to deliver this
accuracy with our -- for our customers.
In fact, one of these very large media companies that we work with, a lot of probably know who have
everything, every possible media asset while they're just resolving 90% of all of their employee and
consumer issues with Agentforce, pretty awesome. So there's nothing more transformational than agents

--- Page 6 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL | AUG 28, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 6
on the technology horizon that I can see and Salesforce is going to be the first company at scale to deploy
enterprise agents and not just any enterprise agents, the highest quality, most accurate agents in the
world.
Now all of this with our continued focus on trust with customer success, with innovation is driving the
results that you see today. And in Q2, we've delivered $9.33 billion in revenue, up 8% year-over-year in
nominal and 9% in constant currency. Subscription and support revenue grew at 9% year-over-year and
10% in constant currency. And for the 11th year in a row, Salesforce ranked #1 CRM provider by the IDC
Software Tracker. And of course, Salesforce is the #1 AI CRM, and we'd like to say we're the third largest
enterprise software company, but I was doing some calculations today, and I'd like you guys to do the
calculations. I think we just became the second largest enterprise software company.
Because we're not delivering infrastructure or hardware and we already passed Oracle in Japan as the
second largest enterprise software company, and I think we just did that. If you look at our enterprise
software overall, we're the largest enterprise software (sic) [ application ] company in the world. So we
continue to see growth in multi-cloud deals. In fact, multi-cloud deals accounted for close to 80% of our
new business in the quarter, and we're just operating at this incredible scale, delivering 25 trillion Einstein
transactions across all of the clouds during the quarter, that's 25 trillion and more than 1 trillion workflows
are now managing 250 petabytes of data for our customers.
We also continue to deliver on this incredible margin growth and so many of you have guided us through
that incredible transformation. So I just want to thank all of you for that. For the second quarter, our
non-GAAP operating margin was 33.7%, that's up 210 basis points year-over-year. And you can see the
incredible transformation that we've gone through over the last 24 months in margin and cash flow, which
also was $892 million in the quarter, up 10% year-over-year.
So now let's turn to this financial guidance. For the fiscal year '25, we continue to expect revenue at $37.7
billion to $38 billion, a growth of 8% to 9% year-over-year, and subscription and support revenue growth
of approximately 10% year-over-year in constant currency. And as you can see from our results, we've
remained committed to this very profitable growth at this incredible level of scale, and we're raising our
fiscal '25 non-GAAP operating margin to 32.8%, a 230 basis point improvement year-over-year.
And as I told you last quarter, we're delivering incredible record cash flow this year, and I'm pleased that
we're also raising our operating cash flow guidance to 23% to 25% year-over-year. I'm also extremely
proud of our team's focus and determination deliveries, great results, and we're going to hear more in a
second.
Now as you know, and as you probably can tell from my narrative already, AI is not only my top of mind,
but I can tell you, because I've met with hundreds of customers this quarter that it is the top of mind for
every customer, for every CEO, for every CIO, but I want to tell you before I get into this, is that I think
that there's a lot of misconceptions about AI with my customers. I have been out there very disappointed
with the huge amount of money that so many of these customers have wasted on AI. They are trying to
DIY their AI.
It's not so unlike when we first saw cloud emerge or even some other technologies where they feel like
they have to roll their own, build it themselves, get in the weeds, try to figure out and they're not going
to do it better than we're going to do it. We're a professional enterprise software company, this is what we
do, and we do it with the trust and scale that they need.
And this idea that our customers are going to have to build their own models, train their own models,
retrain their own models, retrain them again and I'm meeting with these customers, and they're so excited
when they meet with me and they say, "Oh, I built this model, and we're resolving 10%, 20%, 30%, 40%
of this, of that and whatever." And I'm like, really, well, take a look at our models and our capability where
you don't have to train or retrain anything and you're going to get more than 90%. And then they say,
"Wait a minute, how do you do that?"
And this is a moment where every customer needs to realize, you don't need to DIY your AI. You can use
a platform like Salesforce to get the highest efficacy of artificial intelligence, the best capability to fully

--- Page 7 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL | AUG 28, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 7
automate your company, achieve all of your goals, and you can do it with professional enterprise software.
And I've now met with all so many of these customers to really explain and to help them understand the
transformative power of AI.
And they've really -- I think we've all said, "Okay, we've never seen a technology evolve at such a rapid
pace." So look at the last 18 months, we're moving from having these basic preprogram chatbots. Now
we can really see we're delivering these intelligent conversational capabilities, these agents, it's awesome.
And we've created out-of-the-box platform to deliver all of this for them.
So this could be service reply recommendations, account summaries, report generation, you've seen in
Slack, this kind of auto summarization, recaps, all of these amazing things. The level of automation, the
amount of code that our team has written, the transformation of our platform in the last 18 months, it's
remarkable. And customers love it because they can take the platform. And then all of this generative AI
use case customize it for their own needs or configure it using our capability because they're doing that
without writing a line of code. It's clicks, not code, deploy them in days, not weeks.
They're doing this in months, not years, and you're getting immediate ROI. And it's the stories are
awesome. And while customers have loved seeing the power of generative AI, even like I was using
generative AI last night to write some new ads for what we're going to do to kind of bring Agentforce
across. And it's so cool and so awesome, but to have it right inside the platform makes it very real
for our customers who have to manage and share all of their information to keep it trusted, to keep it
secure, to be able to provide capabilities in a regulatory environment. Look, this is -- they all want this
huge breakthrough that's going to give them much more productivity, augmentation of their employees
and scale like I've been talking about. But we're seeing that breakthrough occur because with our new
Agentforce platform, we're going to make a quantum leap forward in AI, and that's why I wants you all at
Dreamforce, because I want you to have your hands on this technology to really understand this.
This is not Copilots. So many customers are so disappointed in what they bought from Microsoft Copilots
because they're not getting the accuracy and the response that they want. Microsoft has disappointed so
many customers with AI. Listen, these agents are autonomous. They're able to act with accuracy. They're
able to come right out of the box. They're able to go right out of the platform. And when you come to
Dreamforce, you're going to -- I'm sure that you're going to get to San Francisco, you're going to jump in
a Waymo. I think they've got like 500 Waymos now in San Francisco. It's pretty awesome. I use it myself.
And you know what, that's like Agentforce. We're like a Waymo for your customer information and for
automating your company, that is, it's autonomous. It's going to get you to where you need to get to. And
yes, we're still going to have humans in our companies, but we're also going to have these agents.
So these agents don't require a conversational prompt to take action. You can do advanced planning,
reasoning with minimal human input. And the example of this incredible health care company, you're
going to be able to say to the agent, "Hey, I want to look at my labs, I want to understand this. It looks
like I need repeat labs. Can you reschedule those for me? It looks like I need to see my doctor, can you
schedule that for me? I also want to get an MRI, I want to get this." And the level of automation that
we're going to be able to provide and unleash the productivity back into these organizations is awesome.
And why that's important for this health care organization or for all of them that we're working with, since
the pandemic, these doctors and nurses are just so burn out and there's so much activity for them that
we're just going to unleash that productivity back to them. So let the agent handle this simple task and let
the doctors and the nurses do what they're going to do best. And that is going to be a powerful moment.
So this is going to be like having these trusted colleagues can handle these time-consuming tasks,
engaging with these -- whether it's inbound lead or resolving this customer or patient inquiry or whatever
it is, this is humans with agents driving customer success together and Agentforce agents can be set up in
minutes, easily scalable, work around the clock, any language.
And by the beginning of next fiscal year, we will have thousands of customers using this platform. And we
will have handheld them to make it successful for them, deploy it. The early trials have been remarkable.
To see these customers have the success, it has been just awesome. And let me give you a great example
of Wiley.

--- Page 8 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL | AUG 28, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 8
Now it's back-to-school season, Wiley is a long-standing Salesforce customer. It's one of our first
deployments in the first Agentforce trial. It's pretty awesome. And you all know they make textbooks
and it's back-to-school. But maybe we don't know that Wiley has to like surge their sales and service
organization at back-to-school time when everyone's buying these textbooks. Well, now they can use
agents to do that surge. They don't have to go buy a bunch of gig workers and bring them in, and that
agent capacity is so exciting for them. What we saw with Wiley was, this is a quote from them, "We're
seeing double-digit percentage increase in customer satisfaction and deflection rate compared to older
technologies and in these early weeks of our busiest season."
So that was very reassuring to us that we have the right thing that's happening. And Wiley has already
seen a 50% increase in case resolution. That's with our first generation of Agentforce, as I mentioned, the
second generation of Agentforce, which we have with customers already, including some of these amazing
organizations like Royal Bank of Canada, ADP and others is 90% case resolution. It is an awesome
moment in this tech business.
OpenTable is another super great story. You all know they are managing 60,000 restaurants, 160 million
diners to support. They're on Agentforce now. They require that incredible scale to deliver top-notch
customer service. That's why they're using the product. It's been awesome to get their results. And it can
be all kinds of questions resolving basic issues, account reactivations, reservation management, loyalty
point expiration. Agentforce for service can easily answer all of these questions like when do my points
expire? For a diner asset, a follow-up question like what about in Mexico? What about -- can I make this
change? That's where we're delivering those incredible moments for OpenTable, giving them this kind of
productivity enhancement.
So in addition to this amazing capability Agentforce for service, now Agentforce for sales, you can imagine
extending your sales force with SDRs, BDRs, who are agents that are going out and building pipeline for
you and generating all kind of demand and even really closing deals. So this is going to drive Sales Cloud
growth, it already is. Service Cloud growth, it already is. Because customers are going to extend their
sales and service organizations and become a lot more productive with these agents.
In the coming months, we're going to release Agentforce agents for other roles, including industry-specific
agents, health agents, as I mentioned, medical, answering all kinds of medical questions, as I mentioned,
and we already have that in trial with this amazing health care company, sorry, one of the largest Epic
databases in the world. And I just can't believe we're already resolving, as I said, 90% of these patients
inquiries.
So this marks a very significant advance in providing these reliable trusted AI. We're really seeing a
transformation of Salesforce. Look, we're still going to automate all these human touch points. We're still
going to have our commerce sites, we're still going to have our analytics and visualization capability of
managing or we're still going to have humans who are sales organization, service organizations, but we
are going to extend it all with this incredible agent capability.
Now all of this type of performance from our Agentforce platform wouldn't be possible without Data Cloud.
One of the reasons that our agents are so accurate is because of the huge amount of data and metadata
that we had. And data is the foundation for every AI transformation. And with Data Cloud, we're providing
a high-performance data lake that brings together all our customer and business data, federating data
from external repositories through this credible zero-copy alliance.
So customers can use our data cloud and then federate and connect to all their other data clouds and
then we can bring it all together to deliver the super accurate AI. That's why Data Cloud is absolutely our
fastest-growing organic product in history. It will be the fastest product to $1 billion. It's going to probably
be the fastest product of $5 billion, $10 billion. In Q2, the number of paid Data Cloud customers grew
130% year-over-year and the number of customers spending more than $1 million annually have already
doubled.
In the second quarter alone, and this is amazing, Data Cloud processed 2.3 quadrillion records with 110%
platform consumption growth year-over-year. That is awesome. Just amazing the scale and capability. And

--- Page 9 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL | AUG 28, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 9
for -- again, for customers who don't have that turned on yet and working at Dreamforce, we're going to
focus on getting every customer on the Data Cloud.
For the last 25 years, Salesforce has been deeply committed to building the most capable CRM apps
that help our customers connect with their customers in this whole new way. We've automated every
customer touch point, and now we're bringing these apps, data and agents together. It's these 3 levels,
and this isn't 3 separate pieces of code or 3 different platforms or 3 different systems. This is 1 platform.
We've rewritten all of our acquisitions, all of our core modules, our data cloud and our agents as 1
unified platform, which is how we are delivering not only this incredible functionality but this high level of
accuracy and capability.
And from this first-hand experience in meeting with these customers around the globe, I can unequivocally
tell you that building these agents without a complete integrated platform is like trying to assemble a
plane mid-flight, it's risky, chaotic and it's not likely to succeed. I mean I just got back from a Dreamforce
focus group, where I met with one of the largest CIOs in the world, he was telling me how excited he was
for the B2C part of his business, he built this model and accuracy rates, then I was like, really, let me
show you what we're doing here. And then he said to me, "Why am I doing this? Why am I not just using
your platform?" And I said, "Good question."
So these customers are spending millions of dollars, but are they really getting the results that they want?
It feels like this early days of cloud. It's just early days of social mobile. Customers feel like they have to
DIY it, they don't need to, they can make it all happen themselves. And you can just see that to deliver
this very high-quality capability, they can use a deeply integrated platform like Salesforce.
So with that, let me just move on to Dreamforce and just say, look, I hope you're going to able to come to
Dreamforce. I'm going to try to encourage everyone to do it. I've told Mike, I really want all the analysts
there. I want everybody there and all the investors there. We're going to make -- try to give you the
highest quality experience to encourage you to do that.
You'll be hearing the details for Mike on that shortly. And you're not going to want to miss it, but you're
mostly not going to want to miss it because you're going to want to get your hands on this technology.
This is the first time that you're going to see how AI really is going to revolutionize these enterprises.
Now before I hand it off to Brian, I just want to take a moment to thank Amy Weaver. It has been an
incredible 11 years for all of us who work with Amy. She's been an amazing leader across many different
parts of our organization as a deeply valued member of our Ohana. She's been a fantastic partner to me
personally. And over the last few years, in particular, Amy has spearheaded our financial transformation,
resulting in an unprecedented margin expansion, increased operational excellence, financial discipline,
continued strategic investments and Salesforce today is better positioned than ever with a phenomenal
platform for growth.
And luckily for us, Amy has basically going through this amazing transformation with us and now getting
ready to go to the next level in her own career, and she will step down at the end of the fiscal year at
the end of February, or March, and then she will stay with us, I think, until May of '27 (sic) [ Ms. Weaver
has agreed to continue to serve the company as Special Advisor to the Chief Executive Officer through
April 2026. ] to help onboard the new CFO. And let me just rip on this for just a second. I've had the
opportunity to work with so many great executives at Salesforce. And Amy is our fifth CFO. I think all of
you know that we've had some great leaders, and we've been fortunate to build our company with some
great folks. I remember Andy, Steve Cakebread, Graham, Mark, and then Amy has been just incredible
how she's taken the financials to another level. It's been awesome to work with her.
When she originally came to the company 11 years ago, she came in as our General Counsel. I think
there's been a handful of general counsels who've been able to make the transformation. I always felt
that Amy could do it. I have to say it was my idea that Amy should move from General Counsel to being
CFO. She has exceeded my expectations and we've hired Heidrick & Struggles and our good friend, Jeff
Sanders to run a search. We're reviewing internal candidates and external candidates. We're going to do a
comprehensive search. Amy is going to leave that with me. We're going to find another world-class person

--- Page 10 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL | AUG 28, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 10
to be our sixth CFO, which will be awesome. And if you have people that you know that you're interested
in this position. It's a great job, right, Amy?
Amy E. Weaver
President & CFO
It's fantastic.
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
It pays well, too. Doesn't it?
Amy E. Weaver
President & CFO
It's just fine.
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
And good job satisfaction overall, get all these great events to go to. So anyway, let sure folks know they
can contact Jeff. And we're looking for that world-class executive to become CFO #6, and we couldn't be
more grateful to you, Amy, for everything that you do for us every single day, for all that you do in the
middle of the pandemic when we couldn't even meet in person, you took over as CFO, you led us through
the pandemic. You exited the pandemic. Now you're helping us to execute this AI transformation, which
is so exciting, and we couldn't be more thrilled. So congratulations, Amy, and thank you so much for
everything again, for everything that you have done for the company and for me personally and with a
huge sense of gratitude, I'm going to turn it over to you, Brian.
Brian Millham
President & COO
Well, thank you, Marc, and certainly hard to follow that. I want to...
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
It really is.
Brian Millham
President & COO
All of that, particularly the Amy part. I want to echo your comments on Amy, an unbelievable leader who's
been an amazing partner to me, an example and role model to so many at our company. I'm just so glad
that we have more time with Amy as we work on this transition.
I want to start by thanking the team for the strong execution as we continue to operate at tremendous
scale and sophistication, as a result show in the quarter, we continue to execute on our core growth
pillars with strong momentum in multi-cloud deals, international expansion, industry solutions, Salesforce
ecosystem and data and AI innovations across all of our clouds.
As you heard from Marc, we're innovating faster than ever. Our new Agentforce platform, which will be
generally available in October is a game changer for our customers and a huge opportunity for us going
forward. The feedback I've heard from the pilot customers like Wiley and OpenTable and Fossil has been
overwhelmingly positive.
Agentforce is deeply integrated platform combining our core metadata framework in Data Cloud and
Einstein and extending the power of our Customer 360 apps in ways that we didn't think possible a year
ago, reducing cost, scaling workforces and dramatically improving customer and employee experiences, all
without the headaches of complex, costly model training or DIY AI projects.

--- Page 11 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL | AUG 28, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 11
We're already accelerating this move from AI hype to AI reality for thousands of customers with amazing
capabilities across our entire AI product portfolio. New bookings for these products more than doubled
quarter-over-quarter. We signed 1,500 AI deals in Q2 alone. Some of the world's largest brands are using
AI solutions, including Alliant, Bombardier and CMA CGM.
Bombardier, the maker of some of the world's top-performing aircraft, is enabling sales reps to sell
smarter by consolidating need-to-know information on prospects in advance of meetings and providing
recommendations on how to best engage with them through the Einstein Copilot and Prompt Builder. The
next steps for these companies, of course, will be deploying agents to drive even more automation and
productivity.
With AI technologies advancing so rapidly, it's been really challenging for our customers to keep pace.
Each of our customers that is certainly at a different stage of their AI journey, they're relying on Salesforce
as their trusted adviser, their partner with them to -- in this new world where humans and AI are working
together.
To help our customers navigate this new world, we just launched a new team called Salesforce CTOs.
These are deeply technical individuals who work alongside our customers to help them create and execute
a plan for every stage of their AI journey to become agent-first companies. We're continuing our own
AI journey internally as a Customer Zero of all of our products with great results. We now have 35,000
employees using Einstein as a trusted AI assistant, helping them work smarter and close deals faster.
And since we launched Slack AI in February, our employees have created more than 500,000 channels --
channel summaries, saving nearly 3 million hours of work. We'll, of course, deploy Agentforce agents soon
in a variety of different roles and tasks to augment, automate and deliver productivity and unmatched
experiences for all employees and customers at scale.
Echoing what Marc said about Data Cloud, it continues to be highly strategic for our customers as they
build foundations for infusing AI across their enterprises. American Family Insurance with millions of
policyholders nationwide is using Data Cloud to consolidate data from multiple sources through our zerocopy partner network, creating a 360-view of the customers, enabling quick segmentation and activating
lead data, including their real-time web interactions.
The Adecco Group expanded their data cloud in the quarter, a great example of a company leveraging
its gold mine of data to gain a unified view of its customers. Connecting all this data means that 27,000
Adecco employees using Salesforce will have seamless access to key information, including financial
metrics and job fulfillment status, to help Adecco improve their job fill rate ratio and reduce their cost to
serve.
In all my conversations with CEOs this quarter, it's clear that we've never been more relevant, especially
as companies transition to become AI enterprises. That's why customers continue to trust Salesforce
across their most critical touch points with their customers, leading to strong multi-cloud deals in the
quarter.
As Marc said, nearly 80% of our new business in the quarter was driven by multi-cloud deals. Companies
like Wyndham Hotel and Resorts are all-in on Salesforce. They're using us for Sales Cloud and Service
Cloud, Marketing Cloud, Data Cloud, Einstein and MuleSoft to transform its guest experience into a
seamless end-to-end journey built in a single interface.
Wyndham utilizes Data Cloud to unify profile for 165 million guest records, many of which were duplicates
across many sources like Amazon Redshift and the Sabre Reservation System as well as Sales Cloud,
Marketing Cloud and Service Cloud.
MuleSoft allows one to unlock business-critical data from various platforms and onboard future franchisees
faster. And with Einstein generated recommended service replies, average call times have been reduced
and service agents can focus on higher priority work. Slack continues to perform well with wins at Citadel,
Converge ICT and GEICO. For the quarter, 82 of the Fortune 100 now use Slack Connect every week to
better connect with their customers and their partners.

--- Page 12 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL | AUG 28, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 12
In Q2, Slack AI summarized 420 million Slack messages, and customers have built 13,000 AI apps
across their organizations in the last 12 months with Slack. Slack is the conversational interface where
humans and agents can come together. Tableau and MuleSoft had solid quarters with Tableau wins at the
Department of Interior and RBC Wealth Management and Chewy and MuleSoft wins at Veeam, US Foods
and East Carolina University.
Moving on to our international business. 5 of our top 10 deals came from our international teams with
wins at Ferrari, Sekisui House, and Commonwealth of Australia, we saw a particular strength in Japan,
India and Canada.
We had strong momentum in our industries business as well, and we continue to help our customers save
time and money with industry-specific solutions. More than half of our top 100 deals included one of our
industry cloud in the quarter, and we continue to innovate on our industry AI capabilities.
At Dreamforce, we're excited to share our new AI toolkit -- industry toolkit, which features more than 100
ready-to-use customizable AI-powered actions. All of these actions can be applied to build industry-specific
agents with Agentforce.
Salesforce partners continue to drive our growth by helping us drive success at scale, improving time to
value and amplifying our growth in new ways. Our continued focus on go-to-market channel diversification
is working well. And in fact, in the quarter, 3 of our top 10 deals closed through the AWS marketplace. As
Marc mentioned, we're just at the beginning of building an Agentforce ecosystem with companies able to
build agents on our platform for their workforce and use cases, and we're excited to have Workday as our
first Agentforce partner.
In closing, I want to thank the team again. I'm really pleased with the execution in Q2. Dreamforce is just
around the corner, and I can't wait to welcome all of you, either in person or virtually to see for yourself
how humans and agents are working together to create new levels of customer success and the next
generation of CRM.
Now over to you, Amy.
Amy E. Weaver
President & CFO
Great. Marc, Brian, thank you so much for all of the kind words. It has been such a privilege to work with
both of you, the entire team of hard-working, dedicated and compassionate employees at Salesforce.
Marc, special thanks to you for your confidence in me and everything you saw. I will never forget you
calling me more than 4 years ago for the CFO role. I've rarely been so surprised in my life. But it has been
extraordinary.
And I also want to thank all of you, our investment community and, in particular, our shareholders, for
your continued support of Salesforce. It's been a pleasure working with you on our transformation journey
over the last few years. Since my first day as CFO, my focus has been on transforming our business to
deliver profitable growth and disciplined capital allocation. In that time, I am so proud of what we have
accomplished, and I look forward to sharing Salesforce on for years to come.
So moving to the quarter, I want to echo Brian and thank the team for their dedication and very strong
execution in Q2. Our focus on profitable growth and our disciplined investment strategy led to strong
results. Q2 revenue was $9.33 billion, up 8% year-over-year in nominal and 9% in constant currency,
ahead of expectations driven primarily by resilience in our core products, license revenue outperformance
and a better-than-expected professional services.
Subscription and support revenue grew 9% year-over-year in nominal and 10% in constant currency. As a
reminder, Q1 had benefited from the timing of license revenue in the leap year, resulting in a quarter-overquarter headwind to Q2 revenue growth.
From a geographic perspective, the Americas revenue grew 7% or 8% in constant currency. EMEA grew
11% in both nominal and constant currency, and APAC grew 9% or 16% in constant currency. We saw

--- Page 13 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL | AUG 28, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 13
strong new business growth in Japan, India and Canada, while the U.S. and parts of EMEA remains
constrained.
From an industry perspective, in Q2, public sector HLS and comms and media performed well. While
travel, transportation and hospitality and manufacturing automotive and energy were more constrained.
Our subscription support revenue was driven by another quarter of double-digit constant currency growth
in both Sales Cloud and Service Cloud, primarily driven by growth in ARPU due to premium mix shift and
pricing discipline. And as you've heard from Brian, multi-cloud continues to be a powerful growth lever for
us.
In Q2, around 16,000 customers added a new cloud and more than 4,500 of those customers added 2 or
more clouds. And we continue to see strong momentum in Data Cloud, which remains one of our fastestgrowing organic innovation. In Q2, our number of paid customers grew 130% year-over-year, and the
number of customers spending more than $1 million annually, nearly doubled.
Q2 revenue attrition ended the quarter at around 8%, in line with recent quarters. We are continuing to
drive leverage across our business with Q2 non-GAAP operating margin of 33.7%, a record, up more than
200 basis points year-over-year, driven by top line outperformance and expense discipline.
And we are driving strong cash flow due to our profitable growth trajectory. Q2 operating cash flow was
$892 million, up 10% year-over-year. Q2 free cash flow was $755 million, up 20% year-over-year.
Turning to remaining performance obligation, RPO, which represents all future revenue under contract.
RPO ended Q2 at $53.5 billion, up 15% year-over-year. Current RPO or cRPO, ended at $26.5 billion,
up 10% year-over-year in nominal currency. This includes a $300 million FX headwind, which results in
slightly above 11% year-over-year growth in constant currency. cRPO outperformance was driven largely
by bookings execution as well as early renewal favorability.
On capital return, I'm happy to say that in Q2, we executed $4.3 billion in share repurchases and issued
nearly $400 million in dividends. This brings our total return to shareholders in the quarter to $4.7 billion,
a record high quarterly return. As a result, we now expect to more than fully offset dilution from FY '25
stock-based compensation.
Now let's turn to guidance, starting with the full fiscal year '25. On revenue, we are holding our guidance
of $37.7 billion to $38 billion, growth of approximately 8% to 9% year-over-year. A few items to note on
our revenue guide. First, on the buying environment, we are assuming that the conditions we've been
experiencing over the past few years persist.
On FX, our revenue guidance continues to incorporate a $100 million FX headwind year-over-year or
30 basis points impact. We continue to expect our professional services business to be a headwind to
revenue, and we expect deceleration in our license revenue growth in the back half of the year. This is
due to the tough compare from a very strong performance last year and the volatility of license revenue
recognition.
For subscription and support revenue, we still expect approximately 10% growth year-over-year in
constant currency. And we expect attrition to remain generally consistent at slightly above 8% for the full
year.
Now turning to profitability and cash flow. On margins, as a result of our strong Q2 performance, we are
raising our fiscal '25 non-GAAP operating margin to 32.8%, representing a 230 basis point improvement
year-over-year. This incorporates intentional investments in growth opportunities, notably AI and
Agentforce, Data and our core businesses.
Stock-based compensation is now expected to be 8.4% as a percent of revenue. The modest increase
from our prior guidance is primarily a result of the mechanical ESPP reset.
As a result, for fiscal year '25, GAAP operating margin guidance is now expected to be slightly below
20%, representing 530 basis points of improvement year-over-year, which includes a slight increase in
restructuring charges from our ongoing cost transformation.

--- Page 14 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL | AUG 28, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 14
We expect fiscal year '25 GAAP diluted EPS of $6.05 to $6.13. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be
$10.03 to $10.11. As you have heard us emphasize over the last few quarters, we are focused on driving
continued free -- cash flow expansion.
As a result of our disciplined capital deployment, we are raising fiscal year '25 operating cash flow growth
to be approximately 23% to 25%, inclusive of cash tax headwind. We now expect CapEx for the fiscal year
to be slightly below 2% of revenue. This now results in free cash flow growth of approximately 25% to
27% for the fiscal year.
Now the guidance for Q3. On revenue, we expect $9.31 billion to $9.36 billion, up 7% year-over-year
in nominal and constant currency. cRPO growth for Q3 is expected to be 9% year-over-year in nominal,
including $100 million FX tailwind. This will result in approximately 8.5% constant currency growth. This is
inclusive of the 1 point quarter-over-quarter headwind from the very significant deal we closed in Q3 last
year.
As a reminder, while we have seen more normalized bookings growth recently, cRPO will continue to be
materially impacted by the cumulative effect of the previous 2 years of measured sales performance. For
Q3, we expect GAAP EPS of $1.41 to $1.43, a non-GAAP EPS of $2.42 to $2.44.
In closing, I am very pleased with our strong execution this quarter as we continue to focus on profitable
growth and optimizing free cash flow. And I want to thank our employees and our shareholders for their
continued support. I hope you were able to participate in Dreamforce and see our new Agentforce platform
and all of the incredible innovation happening at Salesforce, whether in person or virtually.
So before we open up the call for questions, though, I am going to send it back to Marc.
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
Okay. Well, thanks so much, Amy. And congratulations again on this amazing transition and the success.
And you're an awesome General Counsel, you're an even better CFO. Now we have Sabastian who's
delivering the General Counsel capability sitting here at the table with us. And I can't wait to see who
you're going to bring in as the next CFO.
So this next thing I wish I didn't have to say to all of you, but I'm going to because it's been -- I have a
heavy heart, I think all of you know that we lost 2 amazing Board members this quarter with Sandy and
Susan. And we are all still processing our grief, we are all extremely sad and it's beyond anything that we
have experienced, as a company or as individuals, to have to say goodbye to these 2 amazing people and
our hearts and our spirits and our souls are with them and also our condolences are with their families,
amazing families, amazing people.
They did so much for our company, and they were not just great Board members, not just great leaders
of our industry, but they were also great friends of the company, but also personally, they did so much for
me. So I'm so grateful for them, and I miss them every single day. And I'm sorry that I have to say this
on the call because this is the least favorite part of what I do, but I just want to tell everyone how much I
love Sandy and Susan and how much I missed them, and I'll turn it over to you, Mike.
Michael Spencer
Executive Vice President of Investor Relations
Great. Thank you. Operator, we'll take the first question, please.

--- Page 15 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL | AUG 28, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 15
Question and Answer
Operator
First question comes from Keith Weiss, Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss
Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Congratulations on a really solid quarter. And Amy, really heartbroken see you going. It's been great
working with you over the past 4 years as CFO. You've done an amazing job in the role.
Two-part question. One on sort of the growth equation for Salesforce. A lot of excitement around the
generative AI and the new AI capabilities and expanding portfolio there. We're all really excited about.
There's a lot of other parts of the equation that are adding to growth, whether it's industry cloud or
international expansion or multi-cloud solution.
And maybe a question for Brian. Can you help us understand how to build up the growth equation? Like
where are you guys getting those points of growth? And when does GenAI become a more material
contributor there?
And then the second question is around pricing. With agents coming into the picture with productivity
gains of 90% deflection rates, investors are going to worry about the number of seats being used coming
down with those productivity gains, how does the pricing change to account for that? So Salesforce still
get the value from these solutions on a go-forward basis?
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
Let me open it up and then turn it over to Brian, and because you are right, like this is just a moment.
And it's an exciting moment. It is all about growth, and it's all about innovation, and those are 2 of our
specialties here at Salesforce. So I think when we think about growth, for the last 25 years, I'd say we're
mostly focused on selling our apps and doing the services around those. And we're going to continue to
sell our apps, and we are, and you can see in the quarter, we sold a lot of apps.
And not just selling our apps, but also we're selling our Data Cloud as well. And now we're selling our
agents. And not just as core platforms, but also through our verticals, which have been some of our
highest performing capabilities in the company. And you're also right that there are international regions
that are growing at incredible rates. And we see that in Asia. And we also see that in other parts of the
world as well, where we continue to see like this double-digit growth. And that has been very inspiring to
us.
So it's really a combination of these 3 things. The total transformation of the technology stack, the
verticalization of that stack and that international growth is 3 really core levers of growth, in my mind, I'm
going to turn it over to Brian to give you the detail.
And then number two, on pricing. When you think about -- when you think about apps and you
think about humans, because humans use apps, not in all cases. So for example, the Data Cloud is a
consumption product. The Commerce Cloud is a consumption product. Of course, the e-mail product,
Marketing Cloud is a consumption product. Heroku is a consumption product. So of course, we've had nonhuman consumption-based products for quite a long time at Salesforce.
But in this idea of agents, when -- I'll just give you my own personal goals. So I'm not giving any guidance
here. My goal is that by the end of fiscal year '26 that we will have 1 billion agents. Already in just looking
at the number of consumers identified just in the trials that we have going on, we have like 100 million
identified or more. Okay. call it, 200 million. But the funny thing is, of course, it's only 1 agent. But let's
just think it's like a manifestation of all these agents talking to all these consumers.

--- Page 16 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL | AUG 28, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 16
And then when we look at pricing, it will be on a consumption basis. And when we think about that, we
think about saying to our customers, and we have, it's about $2 per conversation. So that is kind of how
we think about it, that we're going to have a lot of agents out there, even though it's only 1 agent.
It's a very high margin opportunity, as you can imagine, and we're going to be reaching -- look, you have
to think about these agents are like, this is the new website. This is your new phone number. This is how
your customers are going to be connecting with you in this new way, and we're going to be helping our
customers to manage these conversations. And it's probably a per conversational charge as a good way
to look at it or we're selling additional consumption credits like we do with our data cloud. So it's a very
exciting moment, and I'll turn it over to Brian as well.
Brian Millham
President & COO
Yes. Thanks for the question, Keith. And I appreciate your knowledge of all of our growth strategies here
around multi-cloud deals and international acceleration, product and pricing. I think it's important not to
lose track of the fact that these new innovations around Agentforce and Data Cloud and AI and make all of
our core apps that much better. And even in the context of Service Cloud that you're referencing here, our
customers are looking at their all-in cost of running a call center.
And when you bring a technology that allows you to scale and drive efficiencies in operating that call
center, and it's on our technology we're excited about those conversations because we think we get
to monetize all of that incredible innovation through the all-in cost there. There are a couple of other
things I think you should know about, certainly, our channel diversification as we think about scale and
international business either through resellers, a big upside for us, I believe, is our AWS Marketplace is
a driver going forward. I mentioned in the comments earlier that 3 of our top 10 deals went through the
marketplace. So a big opportunity there.
And then maybe another one that we haven't talked as much about, but is a big focus for us as we
get into the second half of this year and beyond is how do we look at managing our attrition more
aggressively going forward as a way to drive growth? How do we make sure that we are driving more
adoption, more feature usage, more value derived from our technology to deliver more value to customers
so that they get growth off of and efficiencies using our technology? And so many inputs, you know many
of them. But as Marc said, this is a new era, and we're excited about the future and the value we can
deliver to our customers.
Operator
Next up is Kash Rangan, Goldman Sachs.
Kasthuri Gopalan Rangan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division
Marc, you've made my heart feel heavy as well with Sandy. You might know I used to work for Sandy a
long time ago. So prayers with you.
Back to the business, congrats on the quarter, Amy, unbelievable, I do not know anybody who was a Chief
Legal Officer and became a successful CFO and led the company through a transformation. So you'll go
down in history as a very unique person in that regard.
One macro thing, Marc, you've been through so many cycles before. Do you think rate reductions and post
elections, it might be more conducive selling environment at a high level?
And also the micro question with AI. Clearly, the debate is it going to create so much productivity that we
need fewer people. Clearly, your idea is that we're going to float agents out there. But how confident are
you that based on everything that you've seen so far that the world might not need more seats and that
you don't have to be entirely dependent only on consumption that this might actually further penetration
of seats and it might be about who is not using AI and they are going to be losers versus people that

--- Page 17 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL | AUG 28, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 17
aren't using AI? So how does this play out in your view, and you've been through the cloud battle and all
that? So I love your perspective.
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
Well, thanks, Kash. And yes, our hearts are with Sandy's family and with his wife, Nancy, and his
daughters. Thank you for saying that so much.
I think -- let me just tell you two quick stories. I kind of told you one already in the script, which is we're
working with this very large health care organization. And it's been our lifelong dream to be able to do
more with this company, and they are a large Epic user. They have a huge EMR system. We do a lot of
patient relationship management, which is just keeping in touch with their customers.
But this is different because what happens now is -- and we all have this experience, we go get our labs
done. They draw your blood, you get your numbers and then you get a number and you're in Epic, and
it says, "Oh, this is out of range or this isn't right or this seems higher or lower than it was before. And I
need to talk to my doctor right now." And after the pandemic, everyone's health anxiety is just a lot higher
and doctors are just get a lot more calls and nurses are just far more active than ever before.
And what happens is, is these doctors and nurses are facing a lot of burnout. You can talk to any major
health care organization, and we work with them all. So in this case, this is Agentforce is now resolving
in this trial, 90% -- more than 90% of these patients improves. So you can imagine for these doctors and
nurses not getting these calls, how that is, but Agentforce is more than that. It's not just saying hey, my
cholesterol is higher, this is happening, whatever. It also, you're saying, what's my next step?
And I would like to reschedule a doctor's appointment for you, "Oh, I want to get lab street drawn for
you in 30 days," which is a common technique that a doctor will say is, "Yes, that lab that may not
be accurate, let's just retest or you know what, this requires you to get an MRI or a CT scan and I've
scheduled that for you." And all of that is happening through the agent.
So you can imagine every health care company, every hospital, every organization of the world needing
that and that is not what we do today exactly. That's not exactly where our business is. So this is a huge
new opportunity for us to now come in and say, "Yes, we're going to do patient relationship management
with our Health Cloud. And we're still going to help coordinate and communicate and connect with all your
patients. But now we're also helping to just dramatically improve the productivity of your organization."
Another example is very large computer hardware companies doing a major acquisition and huge
customer of ours, and they're reconceptualizing their whole business, and they just want to be a very
-- they want to just look at where do they want to be in terms of how they're selling and servicing their
customers in 5 years. And I said to the CEO, I have spent a long time with, I've known for a long time,
"Hey, we're going to build you an agent-first organization. And you're going to be agent first in sales and
agent first in service, and we're going to turn you into a margin machine, and that's the goals of this
implementation. And that is not a conversation that I've had with a customer for exactly like that.
So yes, we're going to continue to automate their whole organization but we have to not just build them
a great sales force or a service force or marketing force or commerce force, analytics force or whatever,
we have to build them an Agentforce. And that is we're going from today 0% market share in agents. And
obviously, our goal is to be the agent supplier to our customers, which it has to be deeply integrated into
our data and our apps.
Because these agents at some point are going to say, actually, I want to pass you off to a human now
to talk and complete this, and there's a seamless automatic handshake between our agents and our
apps because it's just 1 platform, by the way. So it's 1 database, 1 platform, seamless handshake. It's 1
integrated system. That's a pretty big thought. And I think we can really take our customers' capabilities
to a whole new level. This is just a part of technology that has never existed before.
So I'm excited about this, Kash. I have always been excited about our apps and I have obviously been
very excited about our Data Cloud. Now I'm very excited about the agents and how it all wraps together

--- Page 18 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL | AUG 28, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 18
and how it leverages our decade of AI experience. And how our team has executed on this opportunity has
just been remarkable.
Operator
Next is Kirk Materne, Evercore ISI.
Kirk Materne
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division
I'll echo the congrats on a nice quarter. And Amy, thanks so much for all your efforts over the last 4 years.
It's been pleasure working with you.
Marc, one of the questions I have for you is, obviously, one of the challenges with AI from an enterprise
perspective has been the complexity, the security risks. You brought this up before. So how quickly can
existing customers get up and running with Agentforce? And is Data Cloud a prerequisite for driving value?
Or is that just something that sort of takes it to another level?
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
Well, it's a great question. And the CSAT scores on Agentforce right in this kind of trials have been
extremely high, I think 4 out of 5. And customers can get going almost immediately, and we're going to
prove that for them at Dreamforce. And then we're going to go out there and we're going to -- we're going
to -- through our world tours and all of our programs, which are going to be Agentforce tours, we're going
to go hand-in-hand and work to implement tens of thousands of customers over the next 6 months.
And step one was building the platform that is deeply integrated while Data Cloud makes it all a lot better,
you do not need Data Cloud to make it work, but we encourage it because you're just going to get so
much better accuracy. And you need this anyway. And the new version of Tableau, which we've already
been showing, which is awesome, is built on Data Cloud, you hit a button and it fully visualizes everything.
So you have all your agents are working, your salespeople are working, your service people are working.
You're setting up these e-mails. You're talking commerce on your website and then you hit a button and
boom, Tableau visualizes all of it for you and it's all 1 integrated platform.
So that's really our vision of where it's going. And I think that, that is very compelling for our customers.
When we bought these companies starting with ExactTarget and Demandware and Tableau, we didn't
really -- really sure like -- even Slack, are we going to really integrate, rewrites? Do we nearly need to --
loosely coupled was working really well.
But now with the shift to AI, it just became clear 18 months ago, we need to hit the accelerator pedal and
rewrite all these things onto the core platform because customers are going to get this incredible value by
having 1 integrated system, and it scales from small companies to extremely large companies.
And that is what I am super excited about, and we just brought all of our 500 top executives together, and
we showed all of our -- how we've changed all of our products, and I think everyone was just stunned, and
I'm looking forward to showing that at Dreamforce because I think customers will just be so motivated
not only at the quality of the new apps, which are all AI-driven, but also that they're able to extend it with
these incredible new capabilities, which are indeed huge growth drivers for us going forward. And by the
way, also a huge points of differentiation.
The last point is this, these customers, they're still going to build models, but it's in our platform. They're
still going to fine-tune those models in our platform. They're going to still use our AI studios and build
their own prompts in our platform. There -- all of it runs in our platform, and that's how they deliver this
incredible capability. And if you've seen some of the architecture and graphics and how I've changed the
architecture of the -- and how we talk about the company, it's really about in this 1, 2, 3 approach, the
apps, the data and the agents, but it's all AI centric.
It's all -- and it's not -- you're not going to have to DIY it. And it just -- it is driving me a little crazy, as
you probably heard, like when I meet with these customers and they think I need to build my own model,

--- Page 19 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL | AUG 28, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 19
I have to train my own model, I have to retrain and they are spending a lot of money on this craziness and
it's not working.
So it is a disappointment that Microsoft has convinced so many customers and others to move some of
these model companies who are just regulated at this point to be in commodities that they have to be
customized the stuff. It's not true. It can be done in a platform approach and it's better, easier, lower cost,
and we're -- this technology will -- we are proving it and we'll show it.
And if you talk to these customers have already deployed at the open tables, the Wileys, the Wyndhams,
the RBCs, there's a lot of customers who don't want me to use their name, so I'm cautious. But they -- it's
just very clear this is going to really dramatically make everything better.
Michael Spencer
Executive Vice President of Investor Relations
Operator, we'll take our last question now, please.
Operator
Our last question will come from Brent Thill, Jefferies.
Brent John Thill
Jefferies LLC, Research Division
I think everyone probably wants to understand kind of why now, what was the decision and maybe it's just
simply 11 great years and ready for the next chapter, but I think everyone love to hear your perspective
on your decision.
And for Brian, when you look at the Americas business, you were running double-digit growth. It went
to one of the lowest levels we've seen in our model around 8%. What does it take to get back to doubledigit growth? Is there a saturation issue? Is this competitive? Give us a sense of kind of what you think is
happening in the Americas region?
Amy E. Weaver
President & CFO
Brent, I was not expecting that question, but I'm happy to address it. And again, thank you for the very
nice comments, Keith, Kash, Kirk, and please know how much I've enjoyed working with all of you, and I
will certainly be on the next earnings call, and possibly the one after that as we do...
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
No, no, you definitely will.
Amy E. Weaver
President & CFO
Definitely, all right. We're not moving that fast on to the third. So we'll have plenty of time, I forgot
goodbyes at that point.
In terms of my decision, it has been an absolutely extraordinary 11 years, I think a journey is -- just a
journey that anyone would be extraordinarily lucky to have. The last 4 years have been amazing as CFO. I
really came in and I remember giving a listening tour with our shareholders, my first full month, and they
told me the top 2 things on their minds were op margin and dilution.
And I set out to see what we could do on both of those. And nearly 4 years later, we've raised -- we've
almost doubled the operating margin. (sic) [ Statement refers to non-GAAP operating margin. ] It was
17% in my first year. We're going to be close to 33% this year. We initiated a buyback program with close
to $20 billion, put back. And this year, we layered in a dividend program.

--- Page 20 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL | AUG 28, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 20
We have dealt with all sorts of other incredible opportunities along the way. I think I've managed to pack
in about 4 decades of CFO experiences in 4 years. This feels like the right time for me, I'm really focused
on a very smooth transition of finding the next CFO, making sure to relax and recharge and looking at new
adventures. So thank you for the question.
And Brian, over to you.
Brian Millham
President & COO
Really a tough transition from that. Brent, thanks for the question. First of all, as you know, Americas is
the biggest business we have at Salesforce and where we've had a ton of success for many, many years.
I would not characterize that market is saturated. And I would not say the competition is what holding us
back. I think the measured buying environment is really what's impacted the largest business we have, in
particular, the transactional business and SMB business is very large in that market. And so it's going to
feel the measured buying environment weighted heavily in that market.
And so I would not position it that way that we're saturated at all. In fact, I think when you look at our
new technology, the new innovation that's coming, the multi-cloud deals that we're bringing and a very
happy customer base, I think we have a huge opportunity to go turn that business around and get it back
to double-digit growth.
And so big opportunity and love all the innovation that's coming out of our product and development
teams because our customers need it and they're looking for us to guide them into this future. So thanks
for the question, and very much looking forward to seeing that growth back at double digits in the
Americas.
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
Yes. Sabastian, now you've heard all these great things about our General Counsel becoming CFO, don't
you think -- do you want to put your hat in the ring here?
Sabastian V. Niles
President & Chief Legal Officer
I think we're going to have some incredible internal talent, external candidates and really to get the
right person to really take Salesforce and our entire system, especially all of our customers across every
industry forward.
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
Very good. Thank you so much.
Michael Spencer
Executive Vice President of Investor Relations
Great. Thanks, everyone, for joining, and we look forward to seeing you and speaking with you over the
coming weeks.
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
Thanks all.
Operator
Once again, everyone, that does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation. You
may now disconnect.

--- Page 21 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL | AUG 28, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 21
Copyright © 2024 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.
These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.
S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

================================================================================
FILE: SalesforceIncQ3FY25EarningsConferenceCallcombined.pdf
================================================================================

--- Page 1 ---
COPYRIGHT © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence
1
Salesforce, Inc. NYSE:CRM
FQ3 2025 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, December 3, 2024 10:00 PM GMT

--- Page 2 ---
Contents
COPYRIGHT © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence
2
Table of Contents
Call Participants .................................................................................. 3
Presentation .................................................................................. 4
Question and Answer .................................................................................. 11

--- Page 3 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ3 2025 EARNINGS CALL DEC 03, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 3
Call Participants
EXECUTIVES
Amy E. Weaver
President & CFO
Brian Millham
President & COO
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
Michael Spencer
Executive Vice President of Investor
Relations
ANALYSTS
Brad Alan Zelnick
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Brent Alan Bracelin
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division
Brent John Thill
Jefferies LLC, Research Division
Keith Weiss
Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Kirk Materne
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division
Raimo Lenschow
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

--- Page 4 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ3 2025 EARNINGS CALL DEC 03, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 4
Presentation
Operator
Welcome to Salesforce's Fiscal 2025 Third Quarter Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the
conference over to your speaker, Mike Spencer, Executive Vice President of Finance and Strategy and Investor Relations. Sir, you
may begin.
Michael Spencer
Executive Vice President of Investor Relations
Thanks, Regina. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today on our fiscal 2025 third quarter results conference call. Our press
release, SEC filings and a replay of today's call can be found on our website. Joining me on the call today is Marc Benioff, Chair and
CEO; Amy Weaver, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Millham, President and Chief Operating Officer.
As a reminder, our commentary today will include non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations between our GAAP and non-GAAP results
and guidance can be found in our earnings materials and press release. Some of our comments today may contain forward-looking
statements that are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions which could change. Should any of these risks materialize or should
our assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual company results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. A
description of these risks and uncertainties and assumptions and other factors that could affect our financial results is included in our
SEC filings, including our most recent report on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and any other SEC filings. Except as required by law, we do not
undertake any responsibility to update these forward-looking statements.
And with that, let me hand the call over to Marc.
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
All right. Well, thanks so much, Mike. And I just really appreciate everybody being on the call today. We have so many exciting
things to talk about and I hope you all had a great Thanksgiving. I'm incredibly excited about these results that we've delivered in the
quarter and very strong performance across revenue, operating margin, cRPO and cash flow, but as I'm sure everybody knows on
the quarter, these numbers are not what we're really excited about at Salesforce. And while the quarter numbers are fantastic, the real
excitement is really what is hitting with the technology, and I'm really excited to talk to you about that. But before we do, let's do talk
about that incredible financial transformation that we have undergone over the last few years. You're going to hear more from Brian
and Amy about what we're doing to redefine success, delivering this kind of financial value for our customers, but achieving these
incredible results. So this is about so much more than another great quarter. We're really at the edge of a revolutionary transformation.
This is really the rise of digital labor.
Now for the last -- I would say for the last 25 years at Salesforce, and we've been helping companies to manage and share their
information and you can see that across our whole product line and whether it's in sales or service or marketing or commerce, whether
it's analytics, Slack, across the board, but now we've really created a whole new market, a new TAM, a TAM that is so much bigger
and so much more exciting than the data management market that it's hard to get our head completely around. This is the market for
digital labor. And Salesforce has become, right out of the gate here, the largest supplier of digital labor and this is just the beginning.
And it's all powered by these autonomous AI agents. All of you know that this is fundamentally reshaping how businesses operate.
It's fundamentally shaping how we operate our business and how we think about the industry itself and how you're thinking about the
industry, how we're thinking about Salesforce. And with Salesforce, agent force, we're not just imagining this future. We're already
delivering it. And you also know that in the last week of the quarter, Agentforce went production. We delivered 200 deals, and our
pipeline is incredible for future transactions. We can talk about that with you on the call, but we've never seen anything like it. We
don't know how to characterize it. This is really a moment where productivity is no longer tied to workforce growth, but through this
intelligent technology that can be scaled without limits.
And Agentforce represents this next evolution of Salesforce. This is a platform now, Salesforce as a platform or AI agents work
alongside humans in a digital workforce that amplifies and augments human capabilities and delivers with unrivaled speed, and
you can see that I'm going to get into it. You go to help.salesforce.com, you can see we've unleashed that on our entire support
organization already. We've created this incredible Agentic layer around the whole company. And this is just the beginning of a
complete digital transformation for the world. On top of the Agentic layer, we'll soon see a robotic layer as well where these agents
will manifest into robots.

--- Page 5 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ3 2025 EARNINGS CALL DEC 03, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 5
And how all this is going to change society is only visible today in the movies or in our imaginations, but we can see it unfolding right
here through this company, Salesforce. And that is what we are really excited about. These agents are not tools. They are becoming
collaborators. They're working 24/7 to analyze data, make decisions, take action, and we can all start to picture this enterprise
managing millions of customer interactions daily with Agentforce seamlessly resolving issues, processing transactions, anticipating
customer needs, freeing up humans to focus on the strategic initiatives and building meaningful relationships. And this is going to
evolve into customers that we have, whether it could be a large hospital or a large hotel where not only are the agents working 24/7,
but robots are also working side-by-side with humans, robots manifestations of agents this idea that it's all happening before our eyes
and that this isn't just some far-off future. It's happening right now.
And with Agentforce, we're unleashing this new era of digital labor for every business, in every industry. And the implications are
just simply profound. For decades, economic growth dependent on expanding the human workforce. It was all about getting more
labor. But with labor and with the labor force stagnating globally, Agentforce is unlocking a new path forward. It's a new level of
growth for the world and for our GDP, and businesses no longer need to choose between scale and efficiency with agents, they can
achieve both. And our customers are already experiencing this transformation. Agentforce is deflecting service cases and resolving
issues, processing, qualifying leads, helping close more deals, creating optimizing marketing campaigns, all at an unprecedented scale,
24/7. We all saw this unfolding at Dreamforce in San Francisco. You were all there. I really appreciate you all coming and being
with us. But I think what you saw and what was remarkable was the huge thirst that our customers had for this and how they built
more than 10,000 agents in 3 days. And I think you know that we then unleashed a world tour of that program, and we have now built
thousands and thousands of more agents in these world tours all over the world, giving our customers the ability to understand and get
their hands on the technology and envision for their own companies what they're going to do. And now we're seeing this demand for
Agentforce like, as I've said, just became available on October 24th, and we're already seeing this incredible velocity. More than 200
Agentforce deals just in Q3, it doesn't mean anything because the pipeline is in the thousands or potential transactions that are coming
up in future quarters.
So companies like FedEx, Adecco, Accenture, Ace Hardware, IBM, RBC Wealth Management, and many more are now building
their digital labor forces on the Salesforce platform with Agentforce. So that is the largest and most important companies in the world
across all geographies, across all industries are now building and delivering agents. And Salesforce is unique as we are perhaps one of
the only companies at scale in enterprise that is now delivering this globally.
We could not be more excited. We could not be more proud of our teams, our technology teams, our engineering teams, our product
teams, our marketing teams, and our distribution teams who are getting this to market first. And look, we are not only prepared for this
Agentforce feature, we're leading it for our customers and ourselves. And as you know, we pride ourselves on being customer zero for
all of our products, and Agentforce is no exception. We're excited to share that Agentforce is now live on help.salesforce.com. I hope
that you've all gone there and checked it out. And you might have also noticed that we have a test going on for our U.S. customers,
where we put an agent at the front of our website as well to kind of see what that is like. This is an ungrounded agent, but it's really a
vision for what the potential of what agents can be doing at every part of marketing.
Our help portal, help.salesforce.com, which is now live. This portal, this is our primary support mechanism for our customers. It lets
them authenticate in, it then becomes grounded with the agent, and that Help portal already is handling 60 million sessions and more
than 2 million support cases every year. Now that is 100% on Agentforce. It's going to have dramatic implications for our company
from not only the technology point of view, but also from a human resource point of view, where we can really start to look at how
are we going to rebalance our headcount into areas that now are fully automated, and 2, into areas that are critical for us to grow like
distribution. I think you've all heard that we're trying to hire 1,000, 2,000 more salespeople because we see not only maximize our
productivity of our current Salesforce over the last couple of years, but we just need to grow and expand to reflect this incredible
distribution opportunity. It's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to really help customers achieve something they could never have
done before. And while these legacy chatbots have handled these basic tasks like password resets and other basic mundane things,
Agentforce is really unlocking an entirely new level of digital intelligence and operational efficiency at this incredible scale.
Now when you use help.salesforce.com, especially as authenticated users, as I mentioned, you're going to see this incredible level
of accuracy and responsiveness and you're going to see remarkably low hallucinogenic performance whether for solving simple
queries or navigating complex service issues because Agentforce is not just grounded in our Salesforce data and metadata including
the repository of 740,000 documents and 17 languages, it's also grounded in each customer's data, their purchases, returns, that data
it's that 200 petabytes or through 200 to 300 petabytes of Salesforce data that we have, that gives us this kind of, I would say, almost
unfair advantage with Agentforce because our agents are going to be more accurate in the least hallucinogenic of any because they
have access to this incredible capability.

--- Page 6 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ3 2025 EARNINGS CALL DEC 03, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 6
And Agentforce can instantly reason over this vast amounts of data, deliver precise personalized answers with citations in seconds,
and Agentforce can seamlessly hand off to support engineers, delivering them complete summary and recommendation as well. And
you can all try this today. This isn't some fantasy land future idea, this is today reality. And I just want to compare and contrast that
against other companies who say they are doing enterprise AI. You can look at even Microsoft. We all know about Copilot, it's been
out, it's been touted now for a couple of years. We've heard about Copilot. We've seen the demo. In many ways, it's just repackaged
ChatGPT. You can really see the difference where Salesforce now can operate its company on our platform. And I don't think you're
going to find that on Microsoft's website, are you? I know many of you are specialists in Microsoft, go ahead and try to find this
running on microsoft.com, and I'll be looking forward to getting your responses.
Look, we expect that our own transformation with Agentforce on help.salesforce.com and in many other areas of our company, it is
going to deflect between a quarter and a half of our annual case volume and in optimistic cases, probably much, much more of that.
Agentforce is going to deliver the same unprecedented accuracy, speed and cost savings to our customers.
Now when we look at customers that are starting to implement this today, there's a lot of great examples. One of them is the smart
home security provider, Vivint. They've struggled with this high volume of support calls, a high churn rate for service reps. It's a
common story. But now using the Agentforce, Vivint has created a digital support staff to autonomously provide support through
their app, their website, troubleshooting, a broad variety of issues across all their customer touch points. And in addition, Vivint is
planning to utilize Agentforce to further automate technician scheduling, payment request, proactive issue resolution, the use of device
telemetry because Agentforce is across the entire Salesforce product line and including Slack.
So now here's another great customer example that's already incredible to work. They've already done to get this running and going
in their company Adecco, the world's leading provider of talent solutions, handling 300 million job applications annually, but
historically, they have just not been able to go through or respond in a timely way, of course, to the vast majority of applications that
they're gating, but now the Agentforce is going to operate an incredible scale, sorting through the millions of resumes, 24/7 matching
candidates to opportunities proactively prequalifying them for recruiters. And in addition, Agentforce can also assess candidates
helping them to refine their resumes, giving them a better chance of qualifying for a role.
Now listen, we have been talking on these earnings calls for, I don't know, more than a year, maybe 2 years, why Salesforce has an
unfair advantage in AI? I think we took one earnings call just to talk about the power of data and what the power of data meant for
Salesforce. Now you're really seeing that get manifested right into the customer themselves in getting that value. We are not just
delivering the philosophy anymore, we're really showing you that, yes, Salesforce is already the largest supplier of enterprise AI in
the world, 2 trillion Einstein transactions a week, no one is delivering this level of enterprise AI that we are. But now we're not just
delivering that Einstein transaction, we're delivering these incredible Agentforce capabilities as well. This is a bold leap into the future
of work where AI agents with humans unite to transform all of our customer interactions.
Another powerful example is a nonprofit, College Possible. College possible matches eligible students with counselors to help them
navigate and become ready for college. And in California, for example, the statewide average stands at slightly over 1 counselor for
every 500 students. It just isn't enough. Where are we going to get all that labor? Well, we know whether we're going to get that labor,
we're going to get it from Agentforce. This means the vast majority of students are not getting the help they need, and now they are
going to get the help they need. Colleges Possible creates a virtual counselor built on Agentforce under a week, they already had
all the data. They have the metadata. They already knew the students. They already had all of the capabilities built into their whole
Salesforce application. It was just a flip of a switch. I mean you have to think about that for just a second. We have 135,000 customers
and those 135,000 customers have now been endowed with Agentforce. It's in every single one of those implementations today. It's
just a switch that needs to get flipped on. And our job is to motivate, to excite, to inspire our customers to turn that switch on right
now.
And when you look at College Possible, yes, it's very exciting. Any high school student will have access to this college counselor that
knows about their goals, their transcripts, all the information on the colleges that can deliver this highly precise experience for them.
But why? It's because all of the work and the data and the capability that College Possible has put into Salesforce over the years and
years that they had it. It's not the week that it took to get them to turn it on. They have done a lot of work. And when you look at those
135,000 customers that we have, they have so much work in the Salesforce to organize and get all that data and workflow ready and
now they can just turn those agents on. Now we're working with across all kinds of industries to do so many different and exciting
areas. We could go on and on and on.
Now over the last few years, we've really aggressively invested in integrating all of our apps on a single core platform with shared
services for security, workflow, user interfaces, and more. We've been rewriting all of our acquisitions into that common area. We're
really looking at how do we take all of our applications and all of our acquisitions, everything and delivered into one consistent
platform, we call that more Core internally inside Salesforce. And when you look at that more Core initiative, I don't think there's

--- Page 7 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ3 2025 EARNINGS CALL DEC 03, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 7
anyone who delivers this comprehensive platform: Sales, service, marketing, commerce, analytics, Slack, all of it as one piece of code.
And then now deeply integrated in that 1 piece of code is also our data cloud. That is a key part of our strategy, which continues to
have this phenomenal momentum as well to help customers unify and federate with zero-copy data access across all their data and
metadata, which is crucial for AI to work.
And now that third layer is really opening up for us, which is this agentic layer. We have built this agentic layer that takes advantage
of all the investments in Salesforce for our customers and made it in our platform. It's really these 3 layers. And in these 3 layers
that form a complete AI system for enterprises and really uniquely differentiate Salesforce, uniquely differentiate Agentforce
from every other AI platform that this is one piece of code. This isn't like 3 systems. It's not a bunch of different apps all running
independently. This is all one piece of code. That's why it works so well, by the way, because it is 1 platform. And we understand
that this extraordinary technology is -- also require us to have some kind of extraordinary responsibility. That Salesforce trust is our
#1 value. It's never been more critical, especially with this pioneering new technology. We're committed to building Agentforce with
accountability and fairness and transparency at the core, and we've been focusing on empowering our customers and partners to also
navigate this era, equipping them with the tool skills and education of thrive in an AI-driven economy. You know that because you've
heard so many presentations and thoughts on this that we've put together with our team and because we -- obviously, this is just our
latest moment in AI.
So the transformation is not without challenges. Jobs are going to evolve, roles are going to shift, and businesses will need to adapt.
And listen, at Salesforce, jobs are going to evolve and roles will shift and businesses will need to adapt as well. We're all going
to need to rebalance our workforce. This is the agents take on more of the workforce. And then we can rebalance and reshape our
companies into new ways. History has shown us that with every disruption comes an explosion of new opportunities. This morning,
I was on the phone with one of our large customers, and they were telling me how they're targeting inside their company, 25% more
efficiency with artificial intelligence, incredible goal. This is an incredible moment. Entire industries are going to emerge, fueled by
innovation and creativity of people using Agentforce to solve challenges to reach new heights. It's just the beginning of a level of
innovation and change that none of us have really ever seen. It's a radical expansion of our total addressable market. And it's really the
beginning of a change that we're going to see that's including agents. It's going to include robots. That's going to include the use of the
data and the metadata and all the technology that we've been pioneering now for the last several decades.
This is more than a technological revolution. It's an opportunity to create a better future for all of us. And at Salesforce, we believe,
business is the greatest platform for change. And with Agentforce, we're leading the way into a new horizon of digital labor. We're
excited to take this vision for deploying a digital labor force for every organization even further. And you're going to -- now, and this
is incredible, even to be able to say this because we just introduced Agentforce in October, but I want to invite all of you to join us for
the launch of Agentforce 2.0. And it is incredible what you are going to see the advancements in the technology already are amazing
and accuracy and the ability to deliver even additional value. And we hope that you're going to join us in San Francisco. This is going
to happen on December 17. You'll see Agentforce 2.0 for the first time, and you're not going to believe it, you're not going to want to
miss it. And now over to Brian.
Brian Millham
President & COO
Thanks, Marc. Really appreciate it. I've been at Salesforce almost as long as Marc and Parker, and this is the most exciting time in
my career. As a company, we redefined enterprise software with cloud and social, and mobile and predictive AI over the past 25
years and now we're doing it again with Agentforce. As Marc said, this is the beginning of a revolutionary transformation that will
fundamentally redefine how we work and how work gets done.
Our strong results in the quarter reflect the trust our customers, partners and stakeholders have in the Salesforce to lead them into this
new agent-first world. We made great progress in the quarter against Salesforce growth pillars, first and foremost with Agentforce and
Data Cloud but also with our multi-cloud deals, international expansion, industry solutions and our ecosystem. Agentforce will enable
companies to achieve a new era of abundance with more efficiency, more productivity, even stronger customer relationships, higher
margins and higher revenues across every industry. It's a new technology model and a new business model, and we built a complete
agent-first platform for customers that will save them millions of dollars and provide them with limitless workforces to drive greater
value.
Companies like reMarkable and Wiley are already seeing incredible results. Wiley, an early adopter, is resolving cases over 40%
faster with Agentforce than their previous chat bot. Heathrow Airport, one of the busiest airports in the world, will be able to respond
to thousands of travelers inquiries instantly, accurately and simultaneously. SharkNinja, a new logo in the quarter, chose Agentforce
and Commerce Cloud to deliver 24/7 personalized support for customers across 28 international markets and unifying its service
operations.

--- Page 8 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ3 2025 EARNINGS CALL DEC 03, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 8
Our customer success with Agentforce and our AI solutions is driving strong results. In Q3, the number of wins greater than $1
million with AI more than tripled year-over-year. And we signed more than 2,000 AI deals, including more than the 200 Agentforce
wins that Marc shared. To capture this increased demand for Agentforce, we're hiring 1,400 AEs globally in our fourth quarter, and
we're also using new sales SDR agent and sales coaching agent to augment every seller.
We're also seeing amazing Agentforce energy across the ecosystem with our global partners involved in 75% of our Q3 Agentforce
deals and 9 of our top 10 wins in the quarter. Over 80,000 system integrators have completed Agentforce training and hundreds of
ISVs and technology partners are building and selling agents. And our partners are also becoming agent-first enterprises themselves.
In the quarter, Accenture chose Agentforce to streamline sales operations and enhance bid management for its 52,000 global sellers.
By integrating sales coach and custom AI agents, Agentforce is improving deal quality and targeting a 75% boost in bid coverage.
We see an incredible future with Agentforce, not only for our customers, but also for us. As customer 0, we can leverage Agentforce
ourselves to realize the benefits of digital labor for us to amplify and augment our human workforce. Marc talked about how we
reimagine Salesforce customer service with Agentforce. We're also deploying Agentforce to engage our prospects on salesforce.com,
answering their questions 24/7 as well as handing them off to our SDR team. You can see it for yourself and test it out on our home
page.
We'll use our new Agentforce SDR agent to further automate top of funnel activities when gatherings leads, lead data for providing
education and qualifying prospects and booking meetings. Initiatives like this and many others mean Salesforce will become a new
lever for productivity, growth and efficiency for Salesforce, which should save millions of hours and free up hundreds of millions of
dollars to reinvest into our strategic growth initiatives.
Become an agent-first enterprise starts with having unified data. That's why we continue to see amazing momentum with Data Cloud,
which was included in 8 of our top 10 wins in the quarter. Today, 25% of the Fortune 100 are Data Cloud customers. Marc mentioned
the Adecco Group, they're centralizing more than 40 instances and legacy systems with Data Cloud to build a foundation to implement
Agentforce at scale. Usage is a key indicator for our products' value to our customers, and our customers are now processing 767
trillion records every month. Indeed, the world's leading job site hires 3 people every second on its platform. Using Data Cloud as
its go-to-market data architecture, Indeed matches 580 million job seeker profiles with over 3 million employers. With Agentforce,
Indeed aims to have time to hire and help 3 million people overcome employment barriers by 2030.
IBM, one of our valued strategic partners, selected Data Cloud in the quarter to enhance their global client service with a unified view
of all client interactions and actionable usage insight they can deliver even more efficient personalized experiences.
Proprietary unstructured data is a powerful fuel for AI, and we're excited that we were able to close the acquisition of Zoomin to
accelerate and unlock the unstructured data to power AI agents, making them more personalized and context aware for every customer
interaction. We also finalized our acquisition of the Own Company. Own's data management capabilities complement our existing
offerings and will strengthen data security, privacy and compliance across our platform.
As Marc described, Agentforce is a game changer for our core products, enabling customers to leverage AI-powered insights and
actions directly in the flow of work across our entire product portfolio. This is evidenced by the strong demand for Sales Cloud and
Service Cloud, both of which to achieve double-digit growth in Q3. We also just wrapped up another incredible Cyber Week during
which Commerce Cloud powered close to 50 million orders on digital storefronts with nearly 100% uptime.
Salesforce powered nearly 60 billion AI-powered product recommendations, a 21% increase year-over-year and over 56 billion
marketing messages were sent via Marketing Cloud. Service Cloud also helped our customers field and resolve 3.8 billion cases.
Clearly, the scale, reliability, intelligence of our integrated platform is unmatched. And we continue to see solid momentum with
Slack with wins at Capital One, Snap, Rivian and Volkswagen Group Technology. Annual spend on Slack AI grew nearly 50%
quarter-over-quarter and Slack was included in more than 1/3 of our deals greater than $1 million. Since the release of Slack AI, our
customers have summarized over 600 million messages, saving them a collective 1.1 million hours.
Tableau and MuleSoft continue to be foundational and fundamental to our customers' transformations. In the quarter, Tableau had
wins at Allegion, Sirius XM and Hitachi, and MuleSoft headwinds at Northwell Health, 3M and [ cover ] Optima Health. Our industry
clouds continue to fuel our growth with strong demand in highly regulated industries like health care, notably our new agent-first Life
Science Cloud was in 3 of our top 10 deals in the quarter. We also saw strong momentum internationally with wins at BrennTag and
Finnair. Once again, half of our top 10 wins for the quarter were international.
We continue to unlock customer spend through new channels, including the Agentforce partner network that launched at
Dreamforce, which allows customers to customize and deploy specialized agents using trusted third-party extensions from Salesforce

--- Page 9 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ3 2025 EARNINGS CALL DEC 03, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 9
AppExchange. And AWS Marketplace continues to be a growth driver. Our Q3 transactions doubled quarter-over-quarter with 10
deals exceeding $1 million.
Salesforce's business and financial performance has delivered unprecedented results and we're doing it again with our product
transformation and Agentforce. We're starting Q4 with strong momentum and no 1 is better positioned to capture the massive
Agentforce opportunity ahead.
Now over to you, Amy.
Amy E. Weaver
President & CFO
Great. Thanks, Brian. As you heard from Marc and Brian, we are incredibly excited about the opportunity ahead with Agentforce.
Simply put, Salesforce is uniquely positioned to become the leading enterprise AI platform and the source of a digital workforce for
companies around the globe. And as customer 0 for Agentforce, we're already seeing a significant pickup in case deflection for our
customer service organizations. This is just the beginning of a new world of humans and AI agents working together to fundamentally
reshape the economics of business. As Marc mentioned, we have been on the financial transformation over the past several years, and
you'll see it in our results.
Q3 represents another quarter of focused execution leading to strong outcomes. Q3 revenue was $9.44 billion, up 8% year-over-year
in nominal and constant currency, driven by resilience in our core clouds. Subscription and support revenue grew 9% year-over-year
in nominal and constant currency, led by another quarter of double-digit growth in both sales and service, driven by strong ARPU
growth. As expected, this was partially offset by deceleration in our license revenue growth in MuleSoft and Tableau in Q3 on tough
prior year compares.
From a geographic perspective, Americas revenue grew 6% in nominal and constant currency, EMEA grew 12% or 9% in constant
currency, and APAC grew 16% or 14% in constant currency. We saw strong new business growth in LATAM, Canada and Australia,
while the United States and parts of EMEA remained constrained.
From an industry perspective, in Q3, health and life sciences, manufacturing and automotive and energy all performed well. Both
retail and consumer goods were more measured.
Our multi-cloud momentum continues with our top 25 deals averaging more than 5 clouds each. Now you hear us talk about this
metric every quarter. It's an incredible proof point that our customers trust Salesforce to transform their entire customer experience
from sales to service to marketing and commerce to analytics and integration, but our multi-cloud strategy is also core to our financial
strategy. Multi-cloud customers have higher spend, lower attrition rates and drive significant ARR expansion for us each quarter.
That's because Salesforce is the only company that can deliver a 360-degree view of your customers, which is essential for every
company as we move into an agent-first world.
Data Cloud also continues to be the foundation for every AI transformation, and it was included in 1/3 of all of our deals this quarter
over $1 million. As you heard from Brian, Data Cloud helps unlock AI within our customers. And that's why 8 of our top 10 deals
included both Data Cloud and AI, inclusive of Agentforce. This is really the model for all future transactions.
Q3 revenue attrition ended the quarter slightly above 8%, in line with recent quarters. Q3 non-GAAP operating margin was 33.1%, up
190 basis points year-over-year, driven by top line outperformance and disciplined expense management.
And I am very pleased to share that this quarter, our GAAP operating margin hit 20% for the first time in company history. Q3
non-GAAP EPS was $2.41, inclusive of $0.18 charge driven by mark-to-market adjustments of our strategic investment portfolio.
Excluding this impact, non-GAAP EPS would have been $2.59, well ahead of our guidance. Q3 operating cash flow was $2 billion, up
29% year-over-year. Q3 free cash flow was $1.8 billion, up 30% year-over-year.
Turning to remaining performance obligation. RPO, which represents all future revenue under contract, ended Q3 at $53.1 billion,
up 10% year-over-year. Current RPO, or cRPO, added at $26.4 billion, an increase of slightly more than 10% year-over-year in
nominal currency. This includes a $100 million FX tailwind, which results in 10% year-over-year growth in constant currency.
cRPO outperformance was driven by early renewable favorability and strong new bookings performance. Of note, on the bookings
performance, over the past couple of quarters, we have seen stabilization in our transactional businesses, most notably, create and
close and SMB.
One call out on the Q3 cRPO results. As you heard from Marc, Agentforce momentum in Q3 was incredible, with over 200 deals
closed in only 1 week. However, given we are early in our adoption cycle, it is not yet a material contributor to cRPO.

--- Page 10 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ3 2025 EARNINGS CALL DEC 03, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 10
On capital return, in Q3, we executed $1.2 billion in share repurchases and paid nearly $400 million in dividends. This brings our
total return to shareholders in the quarter to $1.6 billion. Through our capital return program, we continue to expect to more than fully
offset dilution from our FY '25 stock-based compensation. And I'm pleased to share that since its inception of our capital allocation
program, total capital returns have now surpassed $20 billion.
Now let's turn to guidance. Note that, after the end of our third quarter, we closed our acquisitions of the Own Company and Zoomin.
As such, our guidance incorporates contributions from both these deals.
Let's start with the full fiscal year '25. On revenue, we are raising the low end of our guidance range to $37.8 billion and maintaining
the high end at $38 billion, growth of approximately 8% to 9% year-over-year, reflecting the strong execution and revenue
outperformance over the last 2 quarters. For subscription and support revenue, we still expect approximately 10% growth year-overyear in constant currency.
A few reminders on our revenue guide. On FX, our revenue guidance continues to incorporate a $100 million FX headwinds yearover-year or a 30 basis point impact. We continue to expect our professional services business to be a headwind to revenue growth.
And as we shared last quarter, our guidance incorporates deceleration in our license revenue growth in the back half of this year. On
attrition, we expect attrition to remain consistent at slightly above 8% for the full year.
Now turning to profitability and cash flow. On margins, we are pleased to raise our fiscal year '25 non-GAAP operating margin
guidance to 32.9%, representing a 240 basis point improvement year-over-year. This incorporates intentional investments in growth
opportunities, most notably in Agentforce and Data Cloud.
As we said last quarter, stock-based compensation is still expected to be approximately 8.4% as a percent of revenue. For fiscal year
'25, GAAP operating margin guidance continues to be slightly below 20%, representing 540 basis points of improvement year-overyear. We expect fiscal year '25 GAAP diluted EPS of $6.15 to $6.20. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be $9.98 to $10.03.
We are raising our fiscal year '25 operating cash flow growth to approximately 24% to 26%, inclusive of cash tax headwinds, and
we continue to expect CapEx for the fiscal year to be slightly below 2% of revenue. This now results in free cash flow growth of
approximately 26% to 28% for the fiscal year.
Now the guidance for Q4. On revenue, we expect $9.9 billion to $10.1 billion, up 7% to 9% year-over-year in nominal and constant
currency. cRPO growth for Q4 is expected to be approximately 9% year-over-year in nominal, including $100 million FX headwind
and slightly above 9% in constant currency. Similar to Q3, we do not expect a material contribution to cRPO from Q4 Agentforce
related bookings. For Q4, we expect GAAP EPS of $1.55 to $1.60, and non-GAAP EPS of $2.57 to $2.62.
In closing, I am very pleased with our strong execution this quarter, and we remain focused on driving profitable growth, optimizing
free cash flow and delivering a new era of customer success with Agentforce, which truly represents the next evolution of Salesforce.
Now Mike, let's open up the call for questions.
Michael Spencer
Executive Vice President of Investor Relations
Thanks, Amy. As a courtesy to everyone on the call, we ask that everyone only ask one question, please. With that Regina, let's go to
the first question, please.

--- Page 11 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ3 2025 EARNINGS CALL DEC 03, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 11
Question and Answer
Operator
Our first question comes from the line of Brent Thill with Jefferies.
Brent John Thill
Jefferies LLC, Research Division
Marc, on Agentforce, I'm curious if you could just talk about the halo effect you're starting to see across the product lines, perhaps
some of the other products getting pulled in. You mentioned Data Cloud, can you speak to what you're seeing from that?
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
Brent, thanks. It's a great question. And Amy really hit a very subtle line in the middle of her script, and it probably requires a little
more illumination, which is Amy really said to you that in our top 25 deals, we saw this kind of collaboration with these 5 clouds each.
And what that means to us is that our top customers are really loading in this complete agent-first cocktail. And this idea that we have
sales, we have service, we have marketing, we have analytics, we have our Data Cloud, we have Slack. And every customer wants
these products and wants them together. We have an incredible sales cloud, #1 in the world, you know that. And it is the only agentfirst Sales Cloud today is highly differentiated. We have the #1 service cloud in the world. The Gartner just published the new Magic
Quadrant. We're #1, way up and to the right. And we guess what we are now part of their up and to the right because we're the only
agent-first service cloud, marketing cloud, analytics, data, Slack across the board.
And I'll tell you a story, which is we have an incredible customer in the health care industry and the recently called me in there. They
were thinking about how are they going to deploy these agents and on and on and on, and it's a huge opportunity for health care, and I
can talk to you exhaustively all about that. But we gave them a whole pitch, went through the whole thing. And then the next day, they
called us back and they said, we really want to talk to you now about our Marketing Cloud Choice. And we're looking at Adobe and
how should we think about that? And I'm like, wow, we really probably should bring in our team and show you what we're doing, but
it's really -- you have to look at the whole platform that we can do because, yes, we have an incredible marketing cloud and incredible
e-mail capabilities and promotion capabilities and on and on and deeply integrated into our workflow, but take a look how it operates
across all of your customer channels and all of your customer touch points and how this is 1 comprehensive customer suite and it's all
agent-first. And then he sent me a text, and that's a very large customer, and said, of course, we are going with you on the marketing
as well. Because I think when customers realize that they are going to build agent-first companies that the agent needs to have a
comprehensive access to this entire data set and metadata set that we are the only ones who have built this platform. Nobody else has
a comprehensive platform that does sales, service, marketing, analytics, data cloud, Slack, all integrated together as 1 piece of code
and operating across all languages, all currencies and can scale from the smallest companies to the very largest in the world. And that
is what is unique about Salesforce. And we have something very special right now because -- and you know, Brent, because you've
been covering this for a long time, we always have the best enterprise AI and our Einstein is the best. We've been working on that for
more than a decade. So of course, we were able to put it into overdrive and deliver agents first. But because it's within the platform,
everything is in the platform. This isn't some distinct discrete piece of code, it's just another light switch on for the customer to get the
full level of functionality.
So I couldn't be more excited about it. I'm sure it's coming through on the call. I really think that for all of us, you think about, Brent,
how long we've been working together for decades before I started Salesforce. And you think about the conversation we just had on
this earnings call, is unlike any conversation you and I have ever had about software. We are all about to learn and grow and expand
and evolve and become a different kind of industry that's providing a different kind of value and this is the most excited I've ever been
about the software industry.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss
Morgan Stanley, Research Division
I definitely hear the excitement coming through on the call. Maybe a question for Brian. When it comes to those 200 deals that you've
already signed for Agentforce, maybe you could give us some color on what those deals look like? Do they tend to be upsells? What

--- Page 12 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ3 2025 EARNINGS CALL DEC 03, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 12
type of uplift do you see if you're upselling to customers? Do they tend towards like 1 cloud or another? How expansive are there?
Any kind of color that we can used to try to kind of understand this opportunity better?
Brian Millham
President & COO
Keith, thank you for the question and a good one. We are seeing incredible traction with our customers as add-ons to many of our
Service Cloud offerings. Obviously, Service Cloud is our largest cloud, and our initial Agentforce opportunity is with our Service
Cloud customers right now, and we saw a ton of add-ons happening in our customer base with Service Cloud. But what our customers
also recognize is that this is a platform and the opportunity to move from, yes, of course, we want to have autonomous agents that
are supporting customers like we have on help.salesforce.com, but what are all the opportunities you have in your interactions and
the flow of work with your customers where you can deploy agents. And so while we have tremendous excitement and the initial 200
deals were largely in the Service Cloud space, we feel great about the opportunity with Sales Cloud and with Marketing Cloud and
with Commerce Cloud and of course, with Data Cloud, which is included in all of our Agentforce deals. And so those 200 deals sort
of tip of the iceberg when we think about the opportunity that's ahead of us for Agentforce.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division
Perfect. You're obviously creating a lot of value for your clients. Like how is the discussion about how you kind of participate or work
with the clients about pricing for Agentforce going? Or like how should we think about it? What are you hearing there?
Brian Millham
President & COO
Raimo, thanks for the question. I'll start, and I think Marc is probably going to chime in as well. But we're super excited about.
And I would say, as you all know, it's a usage-based structure. And at $2 a conversation, we feel like the value is very high for our
customers, given what they're spending today in a lot of their conversations...
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
Everybody knows I've been wearing a boot because I ruptured my Achilles while I was on a scuba-diving trip to Fakarava, which
is an incredible place in the Tuamotu in French Polynesia for my birthday, had I was having a great time, ruptured my Achilles,
unfortunately. And I'm sure we all know the international motto of Fakarava, which I have close to my heart, which is, "I don't give
a Fakarava." So I think that I just got a call from my hospital telling me that I'm coming in to get scheduled for another MRI and
incredible service. Everybody knows I have this great relationship with UCSF, and they pay a lot of attention to me, I pay a lot of
attention to them, incredible organization, and they had a lot of questions for me about getting me ready for my next MRI.
And at the end of the call and this kind of preoperative care and then another call postoperative and so forth. And I was just saying to
myself, "Wow, what did that cost them?" And they just don't have enough people as it is. Their doctors are already burned out. Their
nurses are burnt out. I talked to the folks all the time. There's a lot of pajama time for all these doctors is what they call it because
they're all working late at night with their families, trying to get through all of their messages. Everybody is maxed out at UCSF. I
mean it's an incredible org, but I can't believe the amount that they have to do with such actually limited workforce.
And then when I got this call, I said, you know, they kind of know all of this already about me. They've got all of my data. They have
all of my care. They have my family history. They've got all my scans, they can have an agent do this work, and that call probably
cost them $100. And it didn't have to happen. And I think that we could have done the call were probably about $1.50. And I think
that, that is the message to our customers, which is -- how are you going to give so many people a break, let them get back to their
strategic work, let them focus on what really matters to their customers. And some of the work that's a little bit more administrative
and bureaucratic and political that's done by these political layers or higher levels, that's like, you know what, I think that, that could
have happened with an agent. And that's kind of how I look at it. And I think we're just at an incredible moment where we can really
grow our country's revenue or GDP, do a lot more, have a lot more productivity without hiring a lot more people. And the hospital
example is the best example.

--- Page 13 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ3 2025 EARNINGS CALL DEC 03, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 13
And consumption pricing isn't new to Salesforce. You all know that we have our Sandboxes and our Commerce Scout and Heroku
and Data Cloud and many, many, but this is a consumption product. We have per user products, which are for humans. We have
consumption products for agents and robots. And that's how I think we should look at it, which is the comparative costs is there's just
no comparison.
And do you want to add more to that, Brian?
Brian Millham
President & COO
I'd just say our customers really understand the cost of their labor right now. And when we can deploy agents to help them manage
their interactions with their customers, the pricing conversations are significantly easier. And so you can even see it on our website.
We've got calculators that allow our customers to go do the work themselves, and it's been a great add for them to go understand what
the cost structures look like, and it's been an enlightenment for many of our customers to see the value that we can deliver for them
with Agentforce.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Brad Zelnick with Deutsche Bank.
Brad Alan Zelnick
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Marc, I wanted to ask about the more Core initiative that you mentioned in your remarks. It would seem further integrating the
platform can only be a good thing for customers. Can you talk more about what's involved and the size of the price as you come out
the other side of this initiative?
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
Well, we have been working on this now for a couple of years, really since we started our transformation, which I think maybe this
call is the 2-year anniversary of our transformation. Is that right, Amy? I mean it was about 2 years ago that we were like, woah,
we're about to go through an incredible transformation. And I think we would not have gotten through that transformation without the
support of all of you. And I think you know that you gave us a lot of the advice and thinking and strategy to do that, and it's been an
incredible 24 months. It's been a financial transformation and it's been a technology transformation.
And now when we really think about what are the things that we really invested in, we really tried to look at how do we try to make
our organization stronger to be able to deliver the numbers that we want to be able to do and we want to expand our distribution
organization. That's something that we wish we had done faster. We're still not where we want to be there. I would say where
we've made very significant investments were in AI, and I think that's evidenced by Agentforce, and we also made very significant
investments in more Core. We've dramatically increased not only the productivity but also the number of engineers in the company
over the last 2 years as well. That's been an incredible focus for us. That's why we're able to deliver this technology capability.
And when we look at the company, I would say more Core has come out of it. So at Dreamforce, you saw how commerce and
marketing, for example, which always had been outside of the core platform are now inside the core platform. And the idea that we
want sales, service, marketing, analytics, data cloud, Slack, all to be in 1 platform. And that is because we want all of the workflow,
the data, the metadata, all to be in one platform. And the reason why is because the AI does not work if you don't have that. The AI
needs this ability to look across these huge data sets and capabilities to kind of pull it all together because you can imagine that I'm
on the phone with UCSF, and I'm talking now to the agent at some point in the future instead of talking to the person who I spoke to
today and they say, you still owe $500 on that last visit, which is not uncommon for me. There's some additional fee or something that
I have to pay. And I'll say, yes, go ahead and process that. And that's all just happens on our platform.
So the commerce can happen on the platform, the confirming the e-mail can happen on the platform, the case management can
happen on the platform, the patient relationship management can happen on the platform, and it can happen by industry, it can happen
by geography, it can be happen by currency. And that is what's really, I think, unique about Salesforce and it's not just that we're
delivering this agent-first solution, it's the comprehensive functionality set underneath there that's all possible.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Brent Bracelin with Piper Sandler.

--- Page 14 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ3 2025 EARNINGS CALL DEC 03, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 14
Brent Alan Bracelin
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division
I wanted to ask about the new foundations offering. This seems like a new strategic approach to multi-cloud packaging that could
also drive broader agent adoption. What's been customer response to foundation so far? And do you have any sense on what adoption
might look like in the coming year?
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
I think that foundation -- and when you look at other initiatives that we have, and this is all coming out of more Core. So when you
look at Essentials, when you look at our focus on the SMB market, when you look at kind of you're seeing the fundamental rewriting
of the product in real time. It is a little bit like we are flying the airplane and rebuilding it in real time. I would joke with my team
2 years ago what happened was we were flying the airplane, we found out the 2 pilots were gone in the front and 1 person at the
parachute jumped out of plane. And we were all left on the plane, and we were on the phone with all of you going, well, we're going
to put it all together and just trust us, we're going to get this done. And while we've been doing that, not only do we land the plane
successfully, but we rebuilt the whole airplane in real time. And that idea that the platform itself has been rebuilt. And it's pretty
incredible. Foundations is really a glimpse at what's happening. It's the same code set, but you can see how Foundations is kind of a
whole different way to use Salesforce, and we're making as much of our functionality available to all of our customers as possible. So
we're shipping foundations so that every customer can get a taste of sales and service and marketing and analytics and Data Cloud and
Slack.
And everything that we have because we realize -- and I'll include 1 thing I didn't mention is platform. So it's very important that these
customers see that they don't have to go buy another best-of-breed product, they can just flip the switch and everything comes on.
And that is working, and we still have a lot of work to do to educate our customers on all the capabilities that we have. Still a lot of
our Sales Cloud customers don't have Service Cloud and a lot of our Service Cloud customers don't have Sales Cloud, and that's true
of Marketing Cloud, I could go to each 1 of these clouds because in some ways, we've been selling a lot of these clouds in their own
silos, so they've built on their own customer bases. And we have a lot of customers, and we have a lot of software to sell to a lot of
people, but it's an exciting moment because we're so highly differentiated.
Operator
Our final question comes from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI.
Kirk Materne
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division
Congrats on the quarter and great to hear all the excitement around Agentforce off the launch. Brian, this is probably for you. I was
just curious and dovetails back into some earlier comments. Really strong attach with Data Cloud thus far. I was just kind of curious
how far along are your customers in terms of having their data in order so that they can get value from Agentforce somewhat out
of the box? I'm just trying to get a better understanding on how long does it take from the conversation with customers and sort of
scouting out what they're going to do, getting their data in order and then bringing sort of Agentforce to bear, is it a 3-, 6-month
process, just trying to get a sense if you have an idea on that quite yet.
Brian Millham
President & COO
Yes, it's a great question, Kirk. And I appreciate it. It varies by customer, honestly. If you've had a very strong data architecture
strategy for many years, your ability to turn on Data Cloud, harmonize your data and leverage it in our AI solutions is months, weeks
even. There are other customers who have data siloed across their business, they built data lakes. It sits across different divisions that
they want to bring together in Data Cloud, and that can take a bit longer, 6 months even to bring that data together. They all want
to move faster, which is the great opportunity for us. They all recognize the need for harmonized data to make their AI and their
Agentforce opportunity better with their customers. And so what we're seeing is tremendous demand for not only the technology but
the people to go harmonize the data, get it in a state that they can now leverage Agentforce to really deliver for their customers. So it
really depends, honestly, is the answer.
Michael Spencer
Executive Vice President of Investor Relations

--- Page 15 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ3 2025 EARNINGS CALL DEC 03, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 15
Thanks, Kirk, and thanks, everyone, for joining the call today. We look forward to seeing everyone over the coming weeks and wish
everyone a happy holiday season.
Operator
That will conclude today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

--- Page 16 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ3 2025 EARNINGS CALL DEC 03, 2024
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 16
Copyright © 2024 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.
These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public and from sources believed to be reliable.
No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research, model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof
(Content) may be modified, reverse engineered, reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior
written permission of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or unauthorized
purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or availability of
the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE
CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS,
SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS, THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE
WITH ANY SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without limitation, lost income or lost profits
and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global
Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or
recommendations to purchase, hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an index is available through investable
instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content
should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making
investment and other business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered as such. S&P
Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and objectivity of their respective activities. As a result,
certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to
maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic information received in connection with each analytical process.
S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from obligors. S&P Global reserves
the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free
of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com (subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global
publications and third-party redistributors. Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

================================================================================
FILE: SalesforceProxyStatementSupplementMay2025.pdf
================================================================================

--- Page 1 ---
Salesforce 
Proxy Statement 
Supplement
May 2025
1

--- Page 2 ---
Forward looking statements
This presentation contains forward-looking statements about, among other things, trend analyses and 
statements regarding future events, anticipated growth and industry prospects, and our strategies, 
expectation or plans regarding product releases and enhancements. The achievement or success of the 
matters covered by such forward-looking statements involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions. If any 
such risks or uncertainties materialize or if any of the assumptions prove incorrect, results or outcomes 
could differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The risks and 
uncertainties referred to above include those factors discussed in Salesforce's reports filed from time to 
time with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including, but not limited to: our ability to meet the 
expectations of our customers; uncertainties regarding Al technologies and its integration into our product 
offerings; the effect of evolving domestic and foreign government regulations; regulatory developments and 
regulatory investigations involving us or affecting our industry; our ability to successfully introduce new 
services and product features, including related to AI and Agentforce; our ability to execute our business 
plans; the pace of change and innovation in enterprise cloud computing services; and our ability to 
maintain and enhance our brands.
2

--- Page 3 ---
Executive Summary 
FY25 was a pivotal year for Salesforce as we laid the groundwork to capture the massive opportunity with Agentforce
• Relentless focus on profitable growth and financial discipline delivered record-breaking revenue, operating margin and cash flow
• Closed 5,000 Agentforce deals in the first 90 days after Agentforce launched
• Meaningfully expanded addressable market, positioning Salesforce for significant long-term value creation
As a result of our transformation journey, Salesforce is ideally positioned to lead the digital labor revolution
Salesforce delivered 
record performance 
results in FY25
Executive 
compensation is 
designed to 
incentivize 
trailblazing 
leadership in the era 
of AI-driven 
transformation
Compensation opportunities are market-competitive, performance-based, and tied to key measures of strategic growth
• FY25 target pay levels reflected strong prior-year financial and TSR performance and were set before the 2024 ‘say-on-pay’ vote
• Every share of CEO’s FY25 equity incentives is tied to achievement of performance targets or sustained stock price growth
• Rigorous performance targets reflect our strategic priorities and require outperformance 
• FY25 annual incentive payout was capped at target, despite above-target performance
• FY22 PRSUs earned at 80% of target, despite outperforming the median of the Nasdaq-100 companies 
In response to stockholder feedback following our 2024 Annual Meeting, the Compensation Committee: 
• Made a commitment to not grant future supplemental off-cycle equity awards to NEOs
• Established a new peer group for FY26 compensation decisions
• Reduced CEO’s FY26 target equity award value by ~17%
• Enhanced performance orientation of FY26 incentive program: 1) in addition to relative TSR, included new PRSU metric to measure 
both non-GAAP operating margin and subscription and support revenue growth; 2) introduced performance options tied to Agentforce 
and Data Cloud strategy; and 3) revised annual bonus program to focus on profitable growth and strategic priorities
Highly accomplished 
Board oversees our 
strategy and growth
Our directors’ collective skills and experiences—including proven track records of leading profitable growth strategies, 
deep software industry experience, and investor expertise—enable effective oversight of management
• Refreshed committee leadership and composition provide fresh perspectives and aligns expertise to current business needs
3

--- Page 4 ---
4
Salesforce at a Glance
1
Source: IDC, Worldwide Semiannual Software Tracker, October 2024. CRM market includes the following IDC-defined functional markets: Sales Force Productivity and Management,
Marketing Campaign Management, Customer Service, Contact Center, Advertising, and Digital Commerce Applications.
Salesforce is the #1 AI Customer Relationship (CRM) service designed to drive customer success.
Through Agentforce and our suite of customizable agents and tools, Salesforce uses autonomous AI and its 
integrated platform of Customer 360 apps to help companies connect with customers in a whole new way.
Ranked #1 for CRM Applications based on IDC 
2024 H1 Revenue Market Share Worldwide.1

--- Page 5 ---
5
Agentforce is the Next Evolution of Salesforce
Predictive Copilots Robotics
Wave 3
Agents
Founded AI 
Research team
Vision & 
Language
Bots
Office of Ethical & 
Human Use
Prediction 
Builder
2016
Salesforce 
Einstein
2018
Pioneering prompting 
with DecaNLP
2022
CodeGen LLM
2023
Einstein 
GPT
2024
xGen Sales & 
xLAM LLMS
2024
Recommendation 
Builder
Einstein 
Search
Conversation 
Insights
CodeTF & Code 
T5 LLMs
Einstein 
Copilot
Agentforce 2.0 is defining a 
new era of AI.
Our latest technology is truly 
revolutionary–it seamlessly 
brings together AI, data, apps, 
and automation with humans to 
reshape how work gets done.
Our technology is empowering 
growth for Salesforce and the 
global economy.
Agentforce 2.0 is unlocking the 
power of the digital labor force. 
With our capabilities, businesses 
no longer need to choose 
between scale and efficiency– 
they can deliver both.
Salesforce teams are the first
to bring these AI capabilities
to market.
We are leading an agent-first 
future for our customers
and ourselves.
Wave 1 Wave 1 Wave 4

--- Page 6 ---
Achieving Profitable Growth at Scale
Delivered record revenue, operating margin, & cash flow in FY25
1Dollar amounts shown in billions.
2Non-GAAP Operating Margin is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the Appendix for an explanation of non-GAAP financial measures and why we believe these measures can be useful,
as well as a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures.
Operating
Cash Flow1
Remaining Performance 
Obligation
1
Revenue1
16%
CAGR
29%
CAGR
Total Capital Returned to date through 
Share Repurchases and Dividends $21B
6
15%
CAGR
2

--- Page 7 ---
Executive and Board Leadership Updates
Promoting effective execution and oversight of Salesforce’s long-term business strategy
7
● Robin Washington appointed Chief Operating and Financial Officer, effective March 2025
○ Decades of C-suite experience leading financial and operational strategy, including at Gilead Sciences, 
Hyperion, and PeopleSoft
○ Former Chair of Audit & Finance Committee and Lead Independent Director, during which time she has 
built strong relationships with our investors
○ Remains a Director, allowing both the Board and management to benefit from her expertise; not 
serving on independent committees
● Srini Tallapragada assumed expanded role as Chief Engineering & Customer Success Officer,
effective March 2025
○ Uniting engineering with customer success, technical support and professional services as we drive 
Agentforce and other priorities forward
● Additional leadership appointments to further align our technology, product, and revenue functions
with our strategic vision
● Arnold Donald appointed Lead Independent Director, effective March 2025
● Ongoing refreshment of committee leadership and composition; new Committee Members include:
○ Mason Morfit of ValueAct Capital appointed Chair of the Compensation Committee
○ John Roos appointed Chair of the Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee
Robin Washington
Arnold Donald

--- Page 8 ---
Highly Qualified Board Provides Effective Oversight
8
Robin Washington
COFO, Salesforce;
 Former EVP & CFO, 
Gilead Sciences
Director since 2013
Marc Benioff
Chair, CEO & Co-Founder,
Salesforce
Director since 1999
Parker Harris
Co-Founder, Salesforce
& CTO of Slack
Director since 2018
Key Experiences
Public Company Board (10)
Public or Large Company Senior Executive (10)
Succession Planning/Leadership Transitions (9)
Software Industry (8)
Cloud Computing Technology (6)
Government/Regulatory (6)
Key Skills
Profitable/Sustainable Growth (11)
International Operations (10)
Operational Efficiency (10)
Capital Allocation (9)
Financial Statements/Accounting (9)
Cybersecurity or Data Privacy (6)
Marketing/Branding (6)
Sales Distribution (5)
i Independent
Craig Conway
Former President & CEO,
PeopleSoft
Director since 2005
Oscar Munoz
Business Transformation
Committee Chair, Salesforce; 
Former Chair & CEO, United Airlines
Director since 2022
John V. Roos
Nominating & Corp. Governance 
Committee Chair, Salesforce;
Co-Founder, Geodesic Capital
Director since 2013
Maynard Webb
Founder, Webb Investment Network
Director since 2006
Mason Morfit
Compensation Committee Chair, 
Salesforce; Co-CEO & CIO,
ValueAct Capital
Director since 2023
Laura Alber
President & CEO,
Williams-Sonoma
Director since 2021
Arnold Donald
Lead Ind. Director, Salesforce; 
Former President & CEO,
Carnival Corporation
Director since 2023
Neelie Kroes
Cyber & Privacy Committee Chair, 
Salesforce;
Former VP, European Commission
Director since 2016
Sachin Mehra
Audit Committee Chair, Salesforce;
CFO, Mastercard
Director since 2023
i i
i
i
i
i
i i
i

--- Page 9 ---
Say-on-Pay Responsiveness Process
In response to the 2024 say-on-pay vote, the Board took immediate actions 
to conduct a fresh review of our executive compensation program
9
Refreshed Compensation Governance
● Welcomed Mason Morfit and Maynard Webb as new Members, joining Neelie Kroes and John Roos
● Appointed Mr. Morfit as the new Chair, effective January 2025; brings deep experience as an investor and 
expertise in designing executive compensation programs at companies navigating transformational changes
● Retained a new compensation consultant in September 2024
● Compensation consultant provided a fresh perspective on our program and design, a valuable input to the 
Company’s numerous and significant responsive actions
Conducted Board-led Engagement Focused on Compensation
Engaged with 15 of these stockholders,
collectively representing 17% 
of shares outstanding
Invited 28 institutional stockholders, 
collectively representing 39% of shares 
outstanding, to meet with the Board to 
discuss executive compensation
Compensation Committee and
Board Members attended 100%
of these meetings
Retained a New Independent 
Compensation Consultant
Refreshed the
Compensation Committee

--- Page 10 ---
Stockholder Feedback & Board Responsiveness 
Took actions that are directly responsive to key areas of feedback
10
What We Heard - Key Themes What We Did - Our Perspectives & Actions
Committed to not grant future supplemental off-cycle equity awards to NEOs, except in extraordinary circumstances or in 
connection with new hires and promotions
Established new compensation peer group in fall 2024 for FY26 NEO compensation decisions made in March 2025
Removed several mega cap companies (Amazon, Alphabet, Apple, and Meta Platforms)
Enhanced performance orientation of fiscal 2026 incentive program by introducing performance options for all NEOs; CEO’s 
FY26 equity award pays out solely based on financial results & relative TSR performance (67% PRSUs and 33% 
performance options)
Capped CEO aircraft and security perquisites for FY25 and FY26
Redesigned FY26 incentive program to directly link rewards to profitable growth and strategic execution of Agentforce and 
Data Cloud initiatives (see next slide for additional detail on FY26 incentive program redesign and metrics)
Enhanced disclosure regarding measurement periods and goal-setting for our PRSU program
Set all three “Margin & Growth” goals for our FY26 PRSUs at grant, reflecting improved predictability in our long-range plan
Expanded disclosure of threshold and maximum performance goals for FY25
CEO Pay Trajectory
Compensation Peer Group
Supplemental Off-Cycle Equity Awards 
Personal Security and Corporate Aircraft
Incentive Program Disclosures: 
PRSU Goal Setting
Incentive Program Structure and Design
Incentive Program Disclosures: 
Annual Performance Bonus Plan Goals

--- Page 11 ---
Evolution of Our Compensation Program Framework
Aligned program with stockholder interests through key metrics tied to 
growth priorities and the next phase of our transformation journey 
1Other than for Srini Tallapragada, our recently-elevated President and Chief Engineering and Customer Success Officer.
2Brian Millham’s FY25 award was split evenly between stock options and RSUs up to the amount required under his pre-existing agreement, with the remaining value delivered in PRSUs.
3CEO’s FY26 equity mix pays out solely based on financial results & relative TSR performance.
11
Element FY25 Metrics Changes to FY26 Incentive Program Design and Metrics
Base Salary ● N/A ● Did not adjust base salaries for current NEOs1
Annual 
Performance-Based
Cash Bonus
● Revenue (33.33%)
● Operating Cash Flow 
(33.33%)
● Non-GAAP Income from 
Operations (33.33%)
● Linked directly to two equally weighted financial metrics selected as key indicators of 
profitable growth: Subscription and Support Revenue and non-GAAP Operating Income 
● Adjusted up or down by a strategic multiplier based on assessment of strategic 
objectives aligned to Salesforce’s strategy and priorities for a given fiscal year
● Did not adjust target bonus opportunities for current NEOs1
Performance-Based 
Restricted Stock 
Units
● Non-GAAP Operating 
Margin (50%)
● Relative TSR (50%)
● Introduced a Margin & Growth metric based on progress against our profitable growth 
strategy and transformation; new metric measures both non-GAAP Operating Margin 
and Subscription and Support Revenue growth
● Set rigorous Margin & Growth goals for each measurement period during the 
three-year performance period at grant; earned PRSUs eligible to “cliff” vest three years 
after grant
Restricted Stock 
Units
● Stock Price ● No change; constitutes half of the long-term equity award mix for NEOs other
than the CEO 
FY25 Stock
Options
● Stock Price ● Introduced Performance Options for all NEOs, earned based on attainment against a 
one-year Agentforce and Data Cloud performance metric designed to directly link 
payouts to rapid adoption of AI technologies
● Shifted to Performance Options for CEO’s equity mix (instead of time-based options)
● Any earned Performance Options vest over four years
Long-Term Equity Mix 
CEO
Other 
NEOs2
CEO3 Other 
NEOs2
60%
40%
50% 50%
67%
33% 33%
50%
FY26 Performance
Options 
17%
FY25
FY26
⬤ PRSUs ⬤ FY25 Stock Options
⬤ RSUs ⬤ FY26 Performance Options

--- Page 12 ---
Thank You
12

--- Page 13 ---
Spotlight on AI Governance
Trusted AI Resources
AI Acceptable Use Policy
Customer-facing policies for the 
ethical use of Salesforce AI.
sfdc.co/AI-Policy
Responsible AI Guidelines
Guidelines for the ethical design 
and development of generative 
and agentic AI.
sfdc.co/responsible-agents
More AI Resources
Explore more essential resources 
for trusted AI
sfdc.co/trusted-ai-resources
● AI Trust Council for internal executive decision-making
● Ethical Use Advisory Council for external expert strategic guidance
●Cybersecurity & Privacy Committee of the Board oversees Salesforce’s evolving AI-related 
policies, programs and risks, in alignment with the full Board and other Committees
● Government Affairs Team engages with policymakers, businesses, and civil society to 
advance responsible AI policies that promote enterprise AI adoption with trust and 
security at the core
● The Office of Ethical and Humane Use helps ensure Salesforce technologies are 
designed, developed and used in an ethical, accessible and inclusive manner
● AI Product Legal team closely partners with our AI Technology & Product teams to 
ensure compliance with laws via product reviews
● Technology, Product, & Legal incorporate "lessons learned" from customer negotiations 
to feed back into our product development lifecycle
Driving Agentforce innovation and governance grounded in trust 
13

--- Page 14 ---
This presentation includes information about non-GAAP Operating Margin (a “non-GAAP financial measure”). Non-GAAP 
financial measures are measurements of financial performance that are not prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted 
accounting principles (“GAAP”) and computational methods may differ from those used by other companies. Non-GAAP 
financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be 
read only in conjunction with the company’s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Management 
uses both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures when planning, monitoring, and evaluating the company’s performance.
The primary purpose of using non-GAAP financial measures is to provide supplemental information that may prove useful to 
shareholders and to enable shareholders to evaluate the company’s results in the same way management does. Management 
believes that supplementing GAAP disclosure with non-GAAP disclosure provides shareholders with a more complete view of the 
company’s operational performance and allows for meaningful period-to-period comparisons and analysis of trends in the 
company’s business. Further, to the extent that other companies use similar methods in calculating non-GAAP financial 
measures, the provision of supplemental non-GAAP information can allow for a comparison of the company’s relative 
performance against other companies that also report non-GAAP operating results.
Non-GAAP Operating Margin is the proportion of non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue. 
Non-GAAP income from operations excludes the impact of the amortization of purchased intangibles, stock-based
compensation expense and charges related to the restructuring initiative.
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
14

--- Page 15 ---
GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Reconciliation
1Non-GAAP income from operations excludes the impact of the amortization of purchased intangibles, stock-based compensation and charges related to
restructuring initiatives.
2
Stock-based compensation expense included in this table excludes stock-based compensation expense related to restructuring initiatives,
which is included in the Restructuring line.
3GAAP operating margin is the proportion of GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue. Non-GAAP operating margin is the proportion of
non-GAAP income from operations as a percentage of GAAP revenue.
15
(in millions) Fiscal Year Ended January 31
Non-GAAP income from operations¹ 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
GAAP income from operations $7,205 $5,011 $1,030 $548 $455
Plus:
Amortization of purchased intangibles 1,651 1,869 1,951 1,624 1,121
Stock-based compensation expense² 3,181 2,764 3,259 2,779 2,190
Restructuring 461 988 828 0 0
Non-GAAP income from operations¹ $12,498 $10,632 $7,068 $4,951 $3,766
Revenue $37,895 $34,857 $31,352 $26,492 $21,252
GAAP operating margin³ 19.0% 14.4% 3.3% 2.1% 2.1%
Non-GAAP operating margin³ 33.0% 30.5% 22.5% 18.7% 17.7%

================================================================================
FILE: Salesforce_Inc_Q4_2025_Earnings_Call_Feb_26_2025_1.pdf
================================================================================

--- Page 1 ---
COPYRIGHT © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence
1
Salesforce, Inc. NYSE:CRM
FQ4 2025 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, February 26, 2025 10:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates
-FQ4 2025- -FQ1 2026- -FY 2025- -FY 2026-
CONSENSUS ACTUAL SURPRISE CONSENSUS CONSENSUS ACTUAL SURPRISE CONSENSUS
EPS
Normalized 2.61 2.78 6.51 2.53 10.02 10.20 1.80 11.21
Revenue 
(mm) 10035.51 9993.00 (0.42 %) 9879.37 37952.10 37895.00 (0.15 %) 41228.03
Currency: USD
Consensus as of Feb-26-2025 9:50 PM GMT
- EPS NORMALIZED -
CONSENSUS ACTUAL SURPRISE
FQ1 2025 2.37 2.44 2.95 %
FQ2 2025 2.36 2.56 8.47 %
FQ3 2025 2.45 2.41 (1.63 %)
FQ4 2025 2.61 2.78 6.51 %

--- Page 2 ---
Contents
COPYRIGHT © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence
2
Table of Contents
Call Participants .................................................................................. 3
Presentation .................................................................................. 4
Question and Answer .................................................................................. 13

--- Page 3 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ4 2025 EARNINGS CALL | FEB 26, 2025
Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 3
Call Participants
EXECUTIVES
Amy E. Weaver
President & CFO
Brian Millham
President & COO
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
Michael Spencer
Executive Vice President of
Investor Relations
Robin L. Washington
Lead Independent Director
ANALYSTS
Brent John Thill
Jefferies LLC, Research Division
Kasthuri Gopalan Rangan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division
Keith Weiss
Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Kirk Materne
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division
Mark Ronald Murphy
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division
Raimo Lenschow
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

--- Page 4 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ4 2025 EARNINGS CALL | FEB 26, 2025
Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 4
Presentation
Operator
Good day, everyone. Welcome to Salesforce Fourth Quarter and Full Year Fiscal 2025 Results Conference
Call. [Operator Instructions] Also, this call is being recorded.
I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker, Mike Spencer, Executive Vice President of
Finance and Strategy and Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Spencer
Executive Vice President of Investor Relations
Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today on our fiscal 2025 fourth quarter results conference call.
Our press release, SEC filings and a replay of today's call can be found on our website.
Joining me on the call today is Marc Benioff, Chair and CEO; Amy Weaver, President and Chief Financial
Officer; Brian Millham, President and Chief Operating Officer. In addition, we also have Robin Washington,
our Board member and incoming Chief Operating and Finance Officer here with us today.
As a reminder, our commentary today will include non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations between our GAAP
and non-GAAP results and guidance can be found in our earnings materials and press release.
Some of our comments today may contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks,
uncertainties and assumptions, which could change. Should any of these risks materialize or should our
assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual company results could differ materially from these forwardlooking statements. A description of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions and other factors that
could affect our financial results is included in our SEC filings, including our most recent report in Forms
10-K, 10-Q and any other SEC filings. Except as required by law, we do not undertake any responsibility to
update these forward-looking statements.
And with that, let me hand the call to Marc.
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
Well, thanks so much, Mike. And I'm so excited about this call and reading the script with you because this
was just the best quarter we've ever had. And I think you're going to see that as we kind of unfold what's
happening here. I'm sitting here with Amy and Brian and Mike, and Sabastian is also on the table; and at
our new COFO, Robin Washington, is here. So welcome, Robin. We're thrilled to have you here as well.
And look, I'm really excited about this. I really think that we have something incredible to talk about. And
obviously, this was the order of Agentforce, we're going to talk about that, but it was really just another
incredible quarter. And really, it's been another incredible year of growth in innovation.
I'm sure you all can see we've had a really strong performance across all of our key metrics: on revenue,
on margin, EPS, cash flow, CRPO. We've passed some amazing milestones, including more than $60 billion
in RPO, and this has been the highest cash flow in our company history. You can see we exceeded our
cash flow guidance. I think Amy did about $12.9 billion last quarter, but I think we delivered $13.1-ish
billion and that was just incredible for the quarter. And now we're giving guidance. I think it's around
$14.5 billion in guidance for next year on the cash flow guidance. So just awesome cash production. Few
enterprise software companies have really ever delivered these kind of numbers. And I guess, only a
couple have ever delivered guidance in the $40 billion, which is where we are.
And our 2 newest major products, our Data Cloud and Agentforce, our AI product line now, we can see
as a multibillion-dollar product line. So we're excited to be in that kind of rarefied area of delivering a
multibillion-dollar AI product line.

--- Page 5 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ4 2025 EARNINGS CALL | FEB 26, 2025
Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 5
We ended this year with $900 million in Data Cloud and AI ARR. It grew 120% year-over-year. We've
never seen products grow at these levels, especially Agentforce. And Data Cloud and AI, Agentforce, this
is now going to be incredible coming into fiscal year '26.
As we begin this year, and well, since our founding, I couldn't be more excited about what's ahead. This
is a moment like we've just never seen before. And in just a few months, we've seen this addressable
market go from hundreds of billions of dollars.
And I'm sure you saw those ARK slides that got released over the weekend where she said that she
thought this digital labor revolution, which is really like kind of what we're in here now, this digital labor
revolution, this looks like it's anywhere from a few trillion to $12 trillion. I mean, I kind of agree with her.
I think this is much, much bigger than software. I mean, for the last 25 years, we've been doing software
to help our customers manage their data. That's very exciting. I think building software that kind of prints
and deploys digital workers is more exciting, and you're going to hear some of these incredible stories in a
second.
Our formula now really for our customers is this idea that we have these incredible Customer 360 apps.
We have this incredible Data Cloud, and this incredible agentic platform. These are the 3 layers. But
that it is a deeply unified platform, it's a deeply unified platform, it's just one piece of code, that's what
makes it so unique in this market. And that is why customers are having so great success with it. It's not
a collection of disjointed parts you have to kind of self-assemble, DIY it, all kinds of how do you get the
security running, how do you do this, how do you do that. It's this idea that it's a deeply unified platform
with one piece of code all wrapped in a beautiful layer of trust. And that's what gives Agentforce this
incredible accuracy that we're seeing. I'm going to talk about even what we've seen at Salesforce with
that is amazing.
And I'll tell you that our customers are just seeing some great success with it. And that's why just 90
days after it went live, we've already had 3,000 paying Agentforce customers who are experiencing
unprecedented levels of productivity, efficiency and cost and cost savings.
No one else is delivering at this level of capability. And we're really seeing a level of integration, simplicity,
intelligence, power. I mean, customers are really telling us that we're light years ahead of other providers
and their feedback really speaks volumes. So excited to go on the web and see Agentforce delivering labor
for companies like Equinox, OpenTable, Jacuzzi and others. I mean I go to their sites, I'm going to their X
feeds, their social media presence, and you see Agentforce running. And look, a lot of other vendors are
talking about their agent capabilities, but few are able to show that they've got this really running at scale.
And as you're about to hear from Brian, we're seeing some amazing results on Salesforce as Customer
Zero for Agentforce. Our digital labor force is resolving tens of thousands of customer service inquiries,
freeing our human employees to focus on the most nuanced issues and customer relationships. We're
seeing tremendous momentum and success stories emerge as we execute our vision to make every
company, every single company, every customer of ours, an Agentforce company, that is, we want every
customer to be an Agentforce customer. We want every Trailblazer to be an Agentblazer. And I want
to share some of these amazing stories with you today. But first, let's hit a couple of these incredible
numbers.
We closed out fiscal year '25 with $10 billion in revenue, that's amazing, our first $10 billion quarter. I
remember we had our first $10 billion a year. Kind of amazing, $10 billion a quarter, up 8% year-overyear, 9% in constant currency. And I think we even lost, Amy, is that right, like a couple of hundred million
dollars in foreign exchange for the year as well. In Q4, we closed more than 400 deals over $1 million. All
of our top 10 wins included data and AI. Brian, 400 deals over $1 million, pretty awesome. And we also
continued phenomenal growth with Data Cloud this year, which is the heart of Agentforce.
Data Cloud is the fuel that powers Agentforce and our customers are investing in it. And Data Cloud
surpassed 50 trillion, that's trillion with a T, records, doubling year-over-year as customers increase their
consumption investment in our data platform. And that is just becoming a critical and essential part of our
solution because as customers turn on AI and Agentforce, if they don't have the data, we've been talking
about this, I guess, for almost 2 years, if you don't have the data, you're not going to get the AI that you

--- Page 6 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ4 2025 EARNINGS CALL | FEB 26, 2025
Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 6
so badly want. And nearly 25% of those 50 trillion records, that was trillion with a T, were ingested from
outside of Salesforce through our Zero Copy partner network, which is amazing.
We'll see increased investments in software to build an agentic layer as AI continues to advance and
handle a higher percentage of workloads, and we're taking advantage of the huge investments that these
infrastructure companies, we just -- you know we'll work with. Of course, we have 2 substrates live, where
we have Amazon and we have Alibaba. Both companies are making huge investments in infrastructure.
And the third one, Google, is making a huge infrastructure investment. We're really getting great prices
from these companies. And our deployment, our ability to deploy, at a really low cost is just awesome, and
it's just driving down our cost for our customers. So that's so exciting.
Look, for the full year, we delivered $37.9 billion in revenue. It's up 9% year-over-year. Operating cash
flow reaching $13.1 billion, up 28% year-over-year. It's really one of the best performances, I think, of
any software company. And with our continued disciplined approach to margin expansion, our non-GAAP
operating margin closed at 33%. That was 250 basis points for fiscal year '25. I think it's 50 basis points
higher than we even gave you guidance for a year ago. Is that right, Amy? Yes. And that's awesome. But
we also passed an incredible milestones with more than $60 billion in RPO. That, I don't think we could
have expected.
So this milestone isn't just a number, it's a clear signal that our customers are trusting us, deploying us,
getting great value from us, and continuing to invest in our vision for digital labor. I mean I think it's going
to be that digital labor vision, that revelation that we're able to provide, digital labor at scale with this
trinity of apps, data and agents that is going to drive this fiscal year '26 success.
We expect to deliver fiscal year '26 subscription and support revenue of 9% year-over-year in constant
currency. We remain deeply, deeply committed to profitable growth and expect fiscal year '26 non-GAAP
operating margin of 34%. We're going to deliver another 100 basis points of expansion, following 2
years where we expanded more than 1,000 basis points. The pace of change, the focus on productivity,
profitability, the speed of innovation, the trinity of apps, data and agents, it's all coming together.
As I mentioned, we're seeing customers deploy Agentforce across every industry. Let's talk about a couple
of examples. We've been working with Lennar, the nation's largest homebuilder. And most of you know
Lennar is really an incredible company, and they've been a customer of ours for about 8 years. They came
to Dreamforce. And when they came to Dreamforce, they obviously got their hands like many of you did
on Agentforce, got super excited, went back to Miami, talked to their co-CEOs.
You probably know Stuart Miller, Jon Jaffe, amazing CEOs. And those co-CEOs called me and said,
"Listen, these guys have done a hackathon around Agentforce. We've got 5 use cases. We see incredible
opportunities on our margin, incredible opportunities in our revenue. And do you have our back if we're
going to deploy this?" And we said, "Absolutely. We've deployed it ourselves," which is the best evidence
that this is real. And they are just incredible, their vision as a homebuilder providing 24/7 support, sales
leads through all their digital channels. They're able to sell all kinds of new products. I think they're going
to sell mortgages and insurance and all kinds of things to their customers. And the cool thing is they're
using our sales product, our service product, marketing, MuleSoft, Slack, Tableau, they use everything.
But they are able to leverage it all together by realizing that just by turning it on, they get this incredible
Agentforce capability.
All right. I want to tell you another story, not just about Lennar and transforming a homebuilder, but
I don't know how many of you know about Pandora. If you've been to a shopping center, you will see
the Pandora store. You walk in, they have this gorgeous jewelry. They have these cool charm bracelets.
They have amazing products. And if you know their CEO, Alex, he's absolutely phenomenal. I think
he's based over in Amsterdam or he's in the Netherlands. I can't remember where it is, but one of the
Northern European countries. Incredible CEO, Time actually just gave them an award as one of the most
sustainable companies in the world, a great company. They're in 100 countries. They employ 37,000
people worldwide.
And Alex has this great vision to augment their employees with digital labor. And this idea that whether
you're on their website or in their store, or whatever it is, that they're going to be able to do so much

--- Page 7 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ4 2025 EARNINGS CALL | FEB 26, 2025
Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 7
more with Agentforce. They already use -- first of all, they already use Commerce Cloud. So if you've been
to pandora.com and bought their products -- and if you have it, by the way, it's completely worthwhile.
It's great. And you can experience our Commerce Cloud, but it's deeply integrated with our Service Cloud,
with Data Cloud. It's the one unified platform approach. And now they're just flipping the switch, turning
agents on, and they're planning to deliver 30% to 60% of their service cases with Agentforce. That is
awesome. And I really love Alex's vision of what's possible.
And then the last customer I really want to hit on, which I'm so excited about, is Pfizer. And Albert is an
incredible CEO. They are doing unbelievable things. They've been a tremendous customer. But now they're
really going all in on our Life Sciences Cloud. We're seeing so many -- I was in the Business Council last
week in Washington, D.C., met with hundreds of CEOs. And so many of the CEOs of the life sciences
industry are going with our Life Sciences Cloud. It was incredible. And you can see why because it's just a
natural upgrade of what they're already doing with us.
And then this idea that our Life Sciences Cloud becomes this highly differentiated capability from
everything currently available in the market, that allows these pharma, medtech companies, so many,
to be able to streamline not just their clinical operations, all their customer-facing, even the ones who
want to go to direct-to-consumer, even the ones who want to do clinical trials, and this idea that agents
are going to make all of that so much better. And with Agentforce, sales agents, for example, with Pfizer,
that's -- they've got 20,000 customer-facing employees and customer-facing folks. That is just a radical
extension for them with agents.
And I'll have to slide in one last one because I'll tell you, I'm sure a lot of you -- like, I have flown in
Singapore Air. You know what? It's a great airline. The CEO, Goh, is amazing. And he has a huge vision
that also came out of Dreamforce, where they've already delivered probably the best service of any airline
in the world; they want to deliver it through agents. So whether you're doing it with service or sales or
marketing or commerce or all the different things that Singapore Air is doing with us, you're going to be
able to do this right on Singapore Air.
All right. Well, I know all of you want to see this in person, talk to these customers yourself. You can go
to help.salesforce.com. Brian is going to talk about that. When you hear the numbers we delivered in the
quarter there, you're not going to believe it.
And listen, a lot of people say to me, "Hey, how are you different from these other agent companies?"
Number one, go to those other vendors. Go to their sites. Are they running their agent technology? You've
all been on help.salesforce.com. You all know this incredible capability that we're delivering. You've seen it
deployed by these other customers like Equinox and Remarkable and others. You've got your hands on --
do you see the other scaled vendors delivering this capability? Or are they just using the word "agent"?
I think you got to be aware of the false agent because the false agent is out there where people can use
the word agent or they kind of -- they're trying to whitewash all the agent, the thing, everywhere. But the
reality is there is the real agents and there are the false agents, and we're very fortunate to have the real
stuff going on here. So we've got a lot more groundbreaking AI innovation coming. I can't wait for you
to see it at our TrailheadDX event next week. And that's going to be March 5 and 6 in San Francisco. I'm
looking forward to seeing all of you there and showing you that.
And I'll tell you, while you're there, I didn't hit it, you've got to see this new product we've just built,
which is Tableau Next. I'm sure a lot of you know Tableau. You probably use it every day. When you see
what we have built, which is the new Tableau built with Agentforce on the Data Cloud, and how it's deeply
integrated into our product line, it is going to blow your mind. It is incredible. You've got to make sure
you get a demo of Tableau Next. You won't believe it. You're going to see the new Slack. You're going to
see the new Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, Marketing Cloud, Commerce Cloud, the platform, Agentforce, all
the products; the new field service product, which is incredible. You might get a glimpse of the new ITSM
product that's coming if you look hard. But the big thing that I'm excited about, okay, the big thing that
I'm really excited about, is Tableau Next because that's about to deploy to customers at scale, and I think
people are going to be absolutely blown away.

--- Page 8 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ4 2025 EARNINGS CALL | FEB 26, 2025
Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 8
All right. Now before I do that, I have to get out the Kleenex because I have to say goodbye to Brian and
Amy who, it's kind of a moment in time here where Brian has been here for, I think, 25 years, 26 years.
He's just wearing one of the many watches that I've given him to recognize his performance. Amy is here
as well. She's not wearing one of her watches, but she has them at home, probably in her jewelry case or
safe or something. And how long has it been, Amy? 12 years? 11 years with Amy, and we're going through
a little bit of a transition of our management team between fiscal year '25 and '26. And we want to say
goodbye, and thank you.
We want to say [Foreign Language], and we want to say goodbye, which is [Foreign Language]. And thank
you so much for everything, and we're going to let them talk and also say their goodbyes, but we're so
grateful to everything that you've done for us every single day over the last 25 and 11 years. And it's been
great to have you part of our management team. And you're welcome back any time. So if you get lonely
out there on the golf course, or I know Amy's got some big plans that she's not ready to announce yet in
the NGO world, but I'll tell you that if you guys get lonely or you're missing the thrill of the hunt, come
back and see us because we're going to be ready for you to come back.
Okay. All right, Brian.
Brian Millham
President & COO
I really appreciate it. It's been a privilege of a lifetime to work here for more than 25 years. Very few
people get to start at a company that has 0 revenue and help it grow to $38 billion. The journey has been
remarkable, and this year was certainly the capstone.
As you heard from Marc, in just 1 quarter, Agentforce has been deployed by thousands of brands
worldwide, becoming an incredible lever for productivity, growth and efficiency. It's happened faster than
we ever expected. With our deeply unified platform seamlessly integrating our Customer 360 apps, Data
Cloud and Agentforce, we're leading the digital labor revolution. Customers of every size across every
industry are seeing immediate and substantial value with Agentforce.
We're setting new standards in the industry. OpenTable is a great example of how Agentforce is having an
immediate impact. In just 3 weeks, it's handling 73% of all restaurant web queries, a 50% improvement
over their previous tool. And they're not alone. The Futurum Group surveyed customers and found that
Agentforce can achieve ROI 5x faster than DIY while lowering costs by 20%. And technology analyst
firm Valoir found Agentforce delivers autonomous AI agents 16x faster versus DIY approaches with 75%
increased accuracy. We continue to see significant increase in large multi-cloud transactions as companies
look to accelerate faster time to value, efficiency and growth.
Goodyear is partnering with us on their transformation, using Agentforce to automate and increase
the effectiveness of their sales efforts. With Agentforce for Field Service, Goodyear will be able to
reduce repair time by assisting technicians with answers to vehicle-related questions and autonomously
scheduling field test appointments.
We also continue to embed an agentic layer across our own business. Today, we're live on Agentforce
across service and sales, our business technology organization, customer support and more. And the
results are phenomenal. Since launching on our Salesforce help portal in October, Agentforce has
autonomously handled 380,000 service requests, achieving an incredible 84% resolution rate and only 2%
of the requests require human escalation.
And we're using Agentforce for quoting, accelerating our quoting cycles by more than 75%. In Q4, we
increased our AE capacity while still driving productivity up 7% year-over-year. Agentforce is transforming
how we do outbound prospecting, already engaging more than 50 leads per day with personalized
outreach and timely follow-ups, freeing up our teams to focus on high-value conversation. Our reps are
participating in thousands of sales coaching training sessions each month.
Data Cloud has a powerful network effect. As usage expands, the platform becomes more intelligent
and more valuable. And that's why we're seeing companies around the world, including Maserati, Bell
Canada, Dolce & Gabbana continue to invest in Data Cloud and to build the foundation to implement

--- Page 9 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ4 2025 EARNINGS CALL | FEB 26, 2025
Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 9
agents at scale. CaixaBank, which happens to be Spain's leading bank, is using Data Cloud to create a
robust data infrastructure that supports its agentic transformation and enables them to drive faster and
more consistent customer experiences.
As you know, the true value of AI is in the data. Nearly half of the Fortune 100 are both AI and Data Cloud
customers, and all of our top 10 wins in Q4 included Data Cloud and AI. Agentforce is revolutionizing how
our customers work by bringing AI-powered insights and actions directly into the workflows across the
Customer 360 applications. This is driving strong growth across our portfolio. Sales Cloud and Service
Cloud both achieved double-digit (sic) [ new bookings ] growth again in Q4. We're seeing fantastic
momentum with Slack, with customers like ZoomInfo, Remarkable and MIMIT Health using Agentforce and
Slack to boost productivity.
Once again, Slack was included in over 1/3 of our deals over $1 million, and its contribution to the overall
deal size increased double digits year-over-year. With nearly 5 billion messages sent weekly, Slack is
central to how people work. Going forward, we're confident Slack will be the place where every company
brings digital labor to all of their employees, enabling collaboration with Agentforce to get work done.
Tableau and MuleSoft are mission-critical to our customers with each featured in nearly half of our greater
than $1 million deals. Tableau, now integrated with Data Cloud and Agentforce on the Salesforce core
platform, will transform how customers like EchoStar, Goosehead Insurance and Keller Williams Realty
take action on their data. Customers can now unlock actionable insights from conversational analytics,
manage and analyze data using AI assistants and build analytical agents with integrated workflows.
Similarly, MuleSoft is transforming how industry leaders like Banco Bradesco, Fujitsu and Sony Honda
Mobility approach enterprise integration. With agent-driven integration and out-of-the-box connectors for
every major system, customers simply describe their needs in natural language and our AI automatically
builds the solution.
Agentforce is also enabling us to deliver truly transformative solutions for every industry and region.
In Q4, nearly half of our top 100 wins were international, including wins with companies like One New
Zealand, LG Electronics and Versace. Our industry business, along with public sector and .org, finished the
year at an incredible $5.7 billion in ARR, up 20% year-over-year. All of our top 10 deals and nearly 75%
of our top 100 deals included the industry cloud. To meet this demand, we've prebuilt over 170 specialized
Agentforce industry skills and a team of 400 specialists, supporting transformations across sectors and
geographies.
Our new channels and partner ecosystem, anchored by our amazing 19 million Trailblazers are unlocking
customer spend and driving Agentforce adoption. And we're leaning into our ecosystem. In fact, partners
were involved in 50% of our Agentforce wins and 70% of our Agentforce activations in Q4. We're also
working with our partners to become Agentforce companies themselves. Accenture is using Agentforce
Sales Coach, which provides personalized coaching and recommendations for sales teams, which is
expected to lead to higher win rates. And Deloitte is projecting significant productivity gains and saved
workforce hours as they roll out Agentforce over the next few years.
Over 127,000 system integrated employees have completed Agentforce training, and more than 1,000
ISVs and technology partners are building and selling agents. Our Agentforce partner network allows
customers to deploy prebuilt agents and use agent actions through partners like AWS, Google, IBM,
Workday and more. Earlier this week, we announced expanded partnership with Google that Marc
mentioned to empower customers to use Agentforce with Gemini, their multimodal model and to deploy
Salesforce on Google Cloud. AWS is a huge growth engine for us, helping us close a number of large deals.
In fact, in Q4, we closed 25 transactions over $1 million, including 3 that were more than $10 million.
We're starting off FY '26 in an incredible position, with a highly accomplished and technical leadership
team ready to guide us through this pivotal moment in AI and agents. I'm incredibly grateful for the
opportunity and to all the leaders who have gotten us here, especially Marc and Amy. It's been an honor to
work alongside both of you. Thank you to our employees, customers, partners and shareholders. I couldn't
be more proud of what we've accomplished or more excited about what's ahead for Salesforce.

--- Page 10 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ4 2025 EARNINGS CALL | FEB 26, 2025
Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 10
And with that, I'll turn it over to you, Amy.
Amy E. Weaver
President & CFO
Great. Thanks, Brian. I wanted to start also by expressing my gratitude to Marc and Brian for their
partnership and for their deep friendship over many, many years. It's been an incredible journey, and I'm
truly thankful for the opportunity. I am also absolutely thrilled to welcome Robin to the team as our new
Chief Operating and Financial Officer.
Fiscal year '25 was a year of incredible change with new innovation beyond anything we could have
expected just 12 months ago, requiring persistence and urgency in our execution. Q4 is a reflection of that
focus across the business, and you can see it in our results.
Let's start with revenue. For the full year, revenue was $37.9 billion, up 9% year-over-year in both
nominal and constant currency. Subscription and support revenue grew just over 10% in constant
currency. Q4 revenue was $10 billion, up 8% year-over-year and nominal. This includes approximately
$75 million of incremental FX headwinds since our last guidance, resulting in 9% growth year-over-year
in constant currency. Subscription and support revenue grew 9% year-over-year in constant driven by
stability in sales, service and platform, partially offset by MuleSoft and Tableau, who had very tough prioryear compares.
From a geographic perspective, Americas revenue grew 8% in nominal and constant currency, EMEA grew
6% or 7% in constant currency, and APAC grew 10% or 14% in constant currency. We saw strong new
business growth in Lat Am, Japan and Canada, while parts of EMEA remain constrained. Of note, the
United States saw some stabilization in the quarter.
From an industry perspective, in Q4, health and life sciences, communications and media both performed
well, while tech and manufacturing, automotive and energy were more measured. And as you heard from
Brian, our multi-cloud momentum continues as customers turn to our deeply unified platform. That's why
our top 100 deals in the quarter averaged 6 clouds, and all of our top 10 wins included AI, Data Cloud,
service platform and industry clouds.
Our data and AI momentum continues as we move towards a world where AI is ubiquitous and embedded
in everyday workflows, our investments in this space have been deliberate and focused, and we are
now starting to yield strong returns. We ended the year with $900 million in Data Cloud and AI annual
recurring revenue, growing nearly 120% year-over-year.
As Marc shared, we closed more than 3,000 paid Agentforce deals in the quarter. As customers continue
to harness the value of AI deeply embedded across our unified platform, it is no surprise that these
customers average nearly 4 clouds. And these customers came from a diverse set of industries with more
than half in technology, manufacturing, financial services and HLS. Q4 revenue attrition ended the quarter
slightly above 8%, in line with recent quarters.
Q4 non-GAAP operating margin was 33.1%, up 170 basis points year-over-year, driven by top line
outperformance and disciplined expense management. GAAP operating margin was 18.2%, up 70 basis
points year-over-year. And for the full year, I am very pleased with our non-GAAP operating margin of
33%, up another 250 basis points year-over-year. GAAP operating margin was 19%, up 460 basis points
year-over-year, inclusive of incremental restructuring charges we incurred in Q4.
Q4 operating cash flow was nearly $4 billion, up 17% year-over-year. Q4 free cash flow was $3.8 billion,
also up 17% year-over-year. And for the full year, operating cash flow was a record $13.1 billion, up 28%
year-over-year, and that's inclusive of a predicted 10-point cash tax headwind. And as we've said, driving
strong free cash flow remains a key component of our profitable growth strategy. Fiscal year '25 free cash
flow was $12.4 billion, up 31% year-over-year.
Turning to remaining performance obligation, RPO, which represents all future revenue under contract.
We passed $60 billion for the first time in company history. Q4 finished at an incredible $63.4 billion, up
11% year-over-year, representing our customers' long-term commitment to Salesforce and the durability

--- Page 11 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ4 2025 EARNINGS CALL | FEB 26, 2025
Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 11
of our business model. Current RPO, or cRPO, ended at $30.2 billion, an increase of 9% year-over-year
in nominal currency. This includes a $300 million FX headwind, which results in an 11% year-over-year
growth in constant currency, driven by strong performance in Data Cloud and AI and Slack. Q4 cRPO also
benefited significantly from strong early renewals.
Within our bookings this quarter, we again saw continued stabilization in our transactional businesses,
including create-and-close and SMB.
On capital return, in fiscal '25, we executed $7.8 billion in share repurchases and issued $1.5 billion in
dividends. Through our capital return program, we more than fully offset dilution from FY '25 stock-based
compensation. And since the inception of our capital return program, we have now returned more than
$21 billion to shareholders.
Now let's turn to guidance. Starting with full fiscal year '26. We expect revenue of $40.5 billion to $40.9
billion, growth of approximately 7% to 8% year-over-year in nominal and constant currency. And for
subscription and support revenue, we expect growth of approximately 9% year-over-year in constant
currency.
Now I want to pause and give a few important notes on this guidance. First, on foreign exchange, as Marc
noted, we've seen the U.S. dollar strengthen considerably. And even since our last earnings call, that
movement has driven an incremental $200 million headwind to fiscal '26 revenue. Our revenue guidance
now incorporates an approximately 0.5 point year-over-year headwind.
Second, as we experienced in fiscal '25, we continue to expect our professional services business to be a
headwind to growth this year, which is reflected in our guidance for total revenue. Note that as part of our
overall implementation strategy, we are leaning more on our partner ecosystem. As you heard from Brian,
partners were involved in 50% of our Agentforce wins and 70% of Agentforce activations in Q4.
Third, we expect subscription and support revenue to be lifted by momentum in Data Cloud and some
contribution from Agentforce this year, partially offset by weakness in marketing and commerce and
slower growth in our expiration base in FY '26.
Finally, on Agentforce, we are incredibly excited about the customer momentum we are seeing. However,
the adoption cycle is still early as we focus on deployment with our customers. As a result, we are
assuming a modest contribution to revenue in fiscal '26. We expect the momentum to build throughout the
year, driving a more meaningful contribution in fiscal '27. And on attrition, we expect attrition to remain
consistent at slightly above 8% for the full year.
Now turning to profitability and cash flow. On margins, I want to reiterate that the company remains
committed to ongoing expansion. The company has laid a strong foundation for continued margin
progression, efficiency and disciplined investments. Fiscal year '26 non-GAAP operating margin is
expected to be 34%, representing another 100 basis points of expansion year-over-year. This incorporates
intentional investments in high-growth opportunities, most notably in Agentforce and Data Cloud. And I'd
like to call out that from a pace perspective, we do expect a ramp in margins throughout the year.
Stock-based compensation is expected to stay relatively flat year-over-year as a percent of revenue.
We expect fiscal year '26 GAAP operating margin of 21.6%, representing more than 250 basis points of
improvement year-over-year. We expect fiscal year '26 GAAP diluted EPS of $6.95 to $7.03. Non-GAAP
diluted EPS is expected to be $11.09 to $11.17.
As we have mentioned over the last few years, we remain focused on driving durable cash flow growth.
We expect fiscal year '26 operating cash flow growth of approximately 10% to 11%, and we are not
expecting a material headwind from cash taxes this year. We expect CapEx for the fiscal year to be
approximately 2% of revenue again. This results in free cash flow growth of approximately 9% to 10% for
the fiscal year.
Now to guidance for Q1. On revenue, we expect $9.71 billion to $9.76 billion, up 6% to 7% year-over-year
in nominal, and 7% in constant currency. As a reminder, we are lapping the 1-point leap year benefit we
noted last Q1 as well as the benefit from license revenue timing.

--- Page 12 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ4 2025 EARNINGS CALL | FEB 26, 2025
Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 12
cRPO growth for Q1 is expected to be approximately 10% year-over-year in nominal, including a $100
million FX headwind, resulting in slightly above 10% in constant currency. For Q1, we expect GAAP EPS of
$1.49 to $1.51 and non-GAAP EPS of $2.53 to $2.55.
In closing, I'm very pleased with our strong finish to the year and the foundation we have set in place for
continued success. And I want to thank our employees for their dedication and execution throughout the
year. I also want to extend my gratitude to our shareholder and investment community for your continued
support. It has really been a privilege working with all of you.
Now Mike, do you want to open up the call for questions?
Michael Spencer
Executive Vice President of Investor Relations
Thanks. Operator, we're ready to take questions now. [Operator Instructions].

--- Page 13 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ4 2025 EARNINGS CALL | FEB 26, 2025
Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 13
Question and Answer
Operator
And the first question today comes from Keith Weiss, Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss
Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Congratulations on a really strong end to FY '25. I wanted to dig into the Agentforce opportunity, some
really big numbers there in terms of the number of deals signed and real good revenue momentum there.
Investors are asking me a lot and have a lot of questions on how the pricing model looks.
Michael Spencer
Executive Vice President of Investor Relations
Keith, sorry, the first part of your question...
Keith Weiss
Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Can you hear me?
Michael Spencer
Executive Vice President of Investor Relations
Yes, I can hear you now. The first part of your question cut out. So could you start over, please?
Keith Weiss
Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Perfect. So congratulations on a very strong quarter. A lot of focus on Agentforce and a lot of big numbers
there. Investors are asking me a lot of questions about the changing pricing model dynamics going from
a seat-based model to one that includes consumptive elements and how that nets out. So I was hoping
you could give us some color in terms of what you guys are seeing thus far when you're doing these
Agentforce contracts. Is it expanding the overall contract size? What kind of expansions are you seeing if
you are seeing expansions? And does the math net to be a good positive for Salesforce as we move to a
more consumptive model? Or are there any bumps in the road that we should be aware of?
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
Okay. Well, I'd love to address that directly, and then I'm going to ask Brian to come in with some
specifics and examples because I think it's so exciting. I think, of course, we've kind of started the
company out with the per user pricing model, and that's about humans. We price per human, so you're
kind of pricing per human. And then we have products, though, that are also in the consumption world
as well. And of course, those started in the early days, things like our sandboxes, even things like our
Commerce Cloud, even our e-mail marketing product, our Marketing Cloud. These are consumption-based
products we've had for years. And it's always been a mix of products that we have for humans and then
products that we have for computers.
Now we have these kind of products that are for agents also, and agents are also a consumption
model. So when we look at our Data Cloud, for example, that's a consumption product. Agentforce is a
consumption product. But it's going to be a mix. It's going to be a mix between what's going on with our
customers with how many humans do they have and then how many agents are they deploying.
I think one example that I can personally tell you about in the quarter, we did a large transaction with a
large telecommunications company. It's incredible. And when I was talking to their CEO, she was asking
me, "How are we going to price the transaction," and so forth. And I can't remember the exact number

--- Page 14 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ4 2025 EARNINGS CALL | FEB 26, 2025
Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 14
of the deal. I think it was, what, Brian? Maybe it was about $20 million in ACV, something like that, for
the year. Maybe it was $60 million TCV transaction. And then as part of that transaction, it's a mix of --
we're rebuilding this telecommunications company. So it's Sales Cloud, it's Service Cloud, it's Marketing
Cloud. It's all of our core clouds, but then also it's Agentforce. And the Agentforce component, I think, was
maybe $7 million in the transaction. So she was buying $7 million of Agentforce. She bought $13 million in
our products for humans, and I think that was about $20 million in total. These are approximate numbers.
I think that's kind of the idea that you're going to see us be able to deliver the right package for the right
customer.
Even if you look at Salesforce, as I mentioned, here we are working in this world, and kind of Brian has hit
on it, we did, what, 360,000 transactions in the quarter with Agentforce, on help.salesforce.com, trinity.
And then what do you have? About several thousand customer support reps and so we have our Service
Cloud running. We have Agentforce running. We have our different products running. Then, of course, our
Service Cloud is deeply integrated with our Sales Cloud and other products. So it's going to be a mix. And
I think that the mix is the most exciting thing.
I don't know any company that's 100% agents. I don't know of any company that doesn't need
automation for its humans. I don't know of any company that doesn't need a data cloud where it needs a
consistent common data repository for all of its agents to gain their intelligence. And I don't know of any
company that's not going to need an agentic layer. And that idea of having apps, data and agents, I think,
is going to be the winning combination.
Do you want to actually give the real details, Brian?
Brian Millham
President & COO
No, that's exactly right. This trinity, as you called it, Marc. CRM plus data plus agents is really what our
customers are coming to us for. Keith, our objective is how do we serve the customers and focus on
customer success, how do we give them what they need to go drive their business forward, both from
a productivity and from an efficiency perspective. The pricing models will change over time. There's no
doubt about it. The nice thing that we've seen with our customers is they really understand the ROI
associated with digital labor. What we're able to provide with agents is really driving the velocity of
transactions that we've seen. Marc mentioned the 3,000 transactions that we closed in the fourth quarter
really driven on our ROI model that people understand that they can get a tremendous amount of benefit
from agents.
We will probably move into the near future from conversations as we price most of our initial deals to
universal credit. It will allow our customers far more flexibility in the way they transact with us. But we
see this as a significant upside to our pricing structures going forward. And that's what we've seen in the
early days with our engagement with customers.
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
To directly address, like here's a transaction that you're doing, let's say, a customer comes in, they're very
interested in building an agentic layer on their company, is that bringing other human-based clouds along
with it?
Brian Millham
President & COO
No doubt. And I think what we've seen is that we have incremental strength in our core technology, the
CRM core technology. You saw in the quarter, we had some good performance in both sales and Service
Cloud, both above 10% (sic) [ new bookings ] growth in the quarter. And so we are seeing people leverage
our core technology, the named pricing models with our core apps and agents together to go drive the
efficiencies that they're looking for.
Marc R. Benioff

--- Page 15 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ4 2025 EARNINGS CALL | FEB 26, 2025
Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 15
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
And I think they're going to really play it out. I mean if you do come to TrailheadDX and you do see that
new Tableau Next, I think what you're going to see is a Tableau that was only built for humans before, but
now is deeply integrated into the Data Cloud and has a deep agentic layer as well. So you're going to be
able to come to your own conclusions, get your hands on these products, talk to the customers. We're in
an exciting moment.
Operator
And our next question comes from Kirk Materne, Evercore ISI.
Kirk Materne
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division
Brian and Marc, I was wondering if you could just talk about -- you referred to it a little bit. But as
Agentforce builds, obviously, not every company is going to be ready to potentially go agentic today. But
is Agentforce having a bit of a halo effect around some of your other products, meaning, as we are on the
journey to get more monetization from Agentforce, are you seeing pickups or at least higher activity levels
in some of your other products that, to Brian, your point, sort of form this trinity?
Brian Millham
President & COO
That's exactly right. And we're seeing it in the way that our customers are using our technology, new
ideas, new workflows, new engagements. We talked about Lennar as an example, their ability to handle
leads after hours that they weren't able to get back to or respond to in a quick time frame are now able
to touch and engage with those leads. And that, of course, flows into their Salesforce automation system.
And so we are seeing this halo effect with our core technology. It is making every single one of our core
apps better as they deliver intelligence, underpinning these applications. And so it is the message that
we're delivering, this trinity of apps, data and agents, that is really compelling to our customers.
Operator
The next question is Raimo Lenschow, Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division
Perfect. Congrats from me as well. And Marc, like with Amy and Brian, you lose some very experienced
people on the team. What was the thinking in terms of combining those 2 roles? And how do you see that
playing out going forward?
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
Well, I'm so excited to have Robin come in as our new COFO. And I really think it's exciting because Robin
really has this kind of unique capability to deliver the Chief Operating Officer position and Chief Financial
Officer position. And I'll tell you, as we did the search, one of the really top candidates that we saw come
through held this position in another company. And I think as Robin and I were talking about that, the
leverage of having a COFO, this idea of the Financial Officer and the Chief Operating Officer really come
together as this incredible partnership to deliver this capability, just was a perfect match for us. I was
thinking about going with it with this outside candidate, and that's where I was fortunate to be able to
convince Robin to take the job.
And Robin, would you like to just say something and just kind of come in here and just tell us about how
excited you are to be part of the management team?
Robin L. Washington
Lead Independent Director

--- Page 16 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ4 2025 EARNINGS CALL | FEB 26, 2025
Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 16
Sure, Marc. As you've heard Brian, Amy and Marc talk about it, it is an exciting opportunity for us
right now with Agentforce. So I am elated to be able to join forces with the operating team. It's an
exciting time in our industry as well. And as you've heard us talk about the trinity and our deeply unified
platform, I think we clearly are able to have something that's going to support our customers' growth and
productivity in this new area -- in this new era, I should say, with the result of sustainable and profitable
revenue growth for Salesforce long term.
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
Yes. And I just want to also -- I should also really thank -- Miguel Milano, as you probably know, came
back as our Chief Revenue Officer about a year ago, and he decided to rejoin us after some cajoling. And
I've asked him to work directly for me, running our worldwide sales organization. And so I've been so
thrilled about that. And I also have to thank Srini, who's our Chief Engineering Officer, who's now our
Chief Engineering and Services Officer, who's taken on customer service and support. And it's been a
rebalancing of our management team. So we have this amazing new executive with Robin. I couldn't be
more excited to have her by my side. And just as a little side note, Robin will tell you, I've been trying to
convince her to join the company for over a decade. And so I finally got her after a lot of selling. So we're
thrilled to have Robin with us and joining us as director and operating executive from the Board.
And then having Miguel is so exciting. Of course, having Parker with me as well is so critical. And also,
as I mentioned, Srini is running services and engineering. And Steve Fisher, being promoted recently to
our Chief Product Officer or actually our Chief Technology Officer, running products; and our Chief Product
Officer, David Schmaier, also with expanded responsibilities working directly for me. David is now our Chief
Product and Impact Officer. And I couldn't be more thrilled. I also have a great Chief of Staff, Kendall, and
a whole team around me with so many incredible functions and capabilities. And of course, smiling and
waving at me across the table is Sabastian Niles, my Chief Legal Officer, who has done an unbelievable job
since joining the company.
So I don't think I've ever had a better management team. I mean it's hard to beat Amy and Brian, but I
think maybe we did it. We're really thrilled. So sorry, Amy and Brian, to see you go. [Foreign Language]
But welcome to the new management team, and we're so thrilled to have them with us, and we're so
excited to start fiscal year '26 with an absolute bang.
And Robin, did you want to end with any parting comments?
Robin L. Washington
Lead Independent Director
No.
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
All right. Very good. She's ready for the next question.
Operator
Up next is Brent Thill, Jefferies.
Brent John Thill
Jefferies LLC, Research Division
Marc, just on DOGE and the impact of what the federal and state -- I'm curious if you can discuss your
role and what you think this means for Salesforce.
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
Well, I don't have any role. I think I'm -- of course, I'm coming at this with a beginner's mind, like I'm
sure all of us are, that we want to see what they are able to deliver with the new administration. We're

--- Page 17 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ4 2025 EARNINGS CALL | FEB 26, 2025
Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 17
huge fans of the United States of America. We want us to be a successful country as we possibly can be.
And that also includes having something that I think is critical and important for us, which is a balanced
budget, something I've encouraged every President that I've worked with for quite a few administrations
to achieve.
We're thrilled with our relationship with the government. You know that we have so many agencies that
depend on us from providing support for veterans through our Veterans Administration and so many other
groups. And I think even DOGE is using Slack to manage their communication and coordination. So we'll
work closely with the government. We'll do anything we can to help them succeed, and we wish them only
the best. And we're here to help at every step of the way, and we want the U.S. to be as successful as it
possibly can.
Operator
Next up from JPMorgan, it's Mark Murphy.
Mark Ronald Murphy
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Marc, you had mentioned this labor arbitrage and that jobs are going to evolve. When you think through
the scale of that kind of an opportunity, how much labor do you think you can augment or replace? For
instance, could a company with 1,000 employees slow its hiring or stop hiring and just layer in a couple of
hundred Agentforce bots and maybe accelerate its growth? And then further to Brent's point, can we apply
that concept to federal government agencies? If they have 3 million workers and some of them are going
to leave voluntarily, could they layer in hundreds of thousands of these Agentforce bots and see some
greater efficiency?
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
Well, I think that I could wave you away and say I don't really know yet, but I will tell you that since I'm
the CEO of a 75,000-person company -- or how many employees do we have now, 75,000, 76,000 -- so
let's just look at us. So we have, what, 9,000 support agents. We really are seeing tremendous efficiency
with help.salesforce.com. So we may see the opportunity to rebalance some of those folks in the sales
and marketing and other functions. We're really excited about that. I would say that we definitely have
seen a lot of efficiency with engineering and with some of the new tools that I've seen, especially some
of these high-performance coding tools. One of the key members of my staff who's here in the room
with us has just showed me one of his new examples of what we're able to do with these coding tools,
pretty awesome. And we're not going to hire any new engineers this year. We're seeing 30% productivity
increase on engineering.
And we're going to really continue to ride that up. And we're going to grow sales pretty dramatically this
year. Brian has got a big vision for how to grow the sales organization probably another 10% to 20%,
I hope, this year because we're seeing incredible levels of demand. I think every company who is our
customer or prospect wants us to come in and start talking about what we're going to do with them and
how we're going to transform them.
Everybody sees the opportunity. I think that the big message I have for a lot of CEOs that I meet with is,
"Hey, we're the last generation of CEOs to only manage humans." I think every CEO going forward is going
to manage humans and agents together. I know that's what I'm doing. So this is what I have to think
about every single day as a CEO. And I think everyone is going to have to start to think about that.
It's definitely starting because, as I mentioned, I was with a large CEO group last week, and it was a
topic of conversation in every single person that I met with. And whether it's those life sciences CEOs
that we mentioned or financial services CEOs or manufacturing CEOs, in every example, they can see
how agents are going to be able to augment their workforce. And I think you can see it also in the global
economy that I think productivity is going to rise without additions to more human labor, which is good
because human labor is not increasing in the global workforce. So you have a stagnant human workforce
worldwide.

--- Page 18 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ4 2025 EARNINGS CALL | FEB 26, 2025
Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 18
So if you want productivity to go up and you want GDP to grow up and you want growth, I think that
digital labor is going to be one of the catalysts to make that happen. And I was talking with a significant
economist and an economic leader last week, and I think that they -- I think everyone is on the same
page that we could see something really dramatic.
And this is our main focus as a company. We aren't building huge $10 billion, $20 billion, $30 billion, $100
billion data centers. We're not doing some of these kind of engineering efforts that may or may not have
some kind of huge payoff, but is going to take down all of our cash and all of our margin for the next
several years. We're like augmenting our existing product line with artificial intelligence, taking advantage
of these incredible investments that are being made in infrastructure by others, and we're going to deliver
the digital labor revolution. This is our goal. Our goal is to be the #1 provider of digital labor in the world.
That's it. I don't think there really is another goal. You can say we're the #1 AI CRM, which we already
are, but when you're the #1 AI CRM, you're also going to lead the digital labor revolution. And that is
going to be the focus of fiscal year '26. As I said, this is the year of digital labor, and it is going to be the
year where every Trailblazer is going to become an Agentblazer.
Operator
The last question comes from Kash Rangan, Goldman Sachs.
Kasthuri Gopalan Rangan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division
We'll miss you, Brian and Amy. Congratulations, Robin. And one for you, Marc. There's a lot of talk about
how we're moving from model building and training to the inference layer. And also as part of that shift to
agentic technology, there's been a lot of debate about the SaaS technology and the business model. The
SaaS tech stack that you built and pioneered, how does that fit into the agentic world? Is there a risk that
SaaS just becomes a crowded database? It sounds really terrible, but I'm sure you have an opinion. I'd
love to hear it.
Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO
Okay. Well, Kash, I really appreciate that. And look, I've heard that Microsoft narrative, too. So I watched
the podcast you watched, and that's a very interesting idea. Here's how I look at it, which is, I believe
there is kind of a holy trinity here of AI CRM, which is the apps, the data and the agents. And these
three things have to kind of work together. And I kind of put my money where our mouth is where we
kind of built it and we delivered it. And you can see the 380,000 conversations that we had as point of
evidence here in the last 90 days on our service and with a very high resolution rate of 84%. You can go
to help.salesforce.com, and you can see that today.
Now Microsoft has had Copilot available for, I think, about 2 years or more than 2 years. And I know that
they're the reseller of OpenAI and they've invested, they kind of repackaged this ChatGPT, whatever.
But where on their side are they delivering agents? Where in their company have they done this? Are
they a best practice? Because I think that while they can say such a thing, do they have humans and
agents working together to create customer success? Are they rebalancing their workforce with humans
and agents? I think that it's a very interesting point that, yes, the agentic layer is very important, but it
doesn't operate by itself. It operates with data, with a Data Cloud that has to be federated through your
company, to all your data sources.
And humans, we're still here. I'm here. I just knocked on the table in case anybody wants to know, this is
not an agent. I mean, I guess for not very long that this actually is not going to be a good test. But just
know that I am here and you could call me or text me, Kash. And I am using those apps, too. Like I said,
I've got the new Tableau. It's amazing. The Sales Cloud, the Service Cloud, I use. I use all of our products.
Slack, I was just on. And that idea that our apps and our Data Cloud and our agentic layer, all integrated
together right now and delivering value right now to our #1, Customer Zero, Salesforce. Wow, here we
go. And are other vendors really doing that? Beware of the false agent. Go out there and take a look who

--- Page 19 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ4 2025 EARNINGS CALL | FEB 26, 2025
Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 19
is really talking about it and who's really delivering. And this is a whole lot of engineering that has to get
done to make this really work for a large enterprise like us. And Salesforce has done it.
We are the #1 AI CRM. We are the leader of the digital labor revolution. You can see it now with over
3,000 paid customers. And as you can see, the tens of trillions of transactions that happen in our Data
Cloud, incredible.
So thank you very much for a great fiscal year '25. Thank you to Amy and Brian. It's amazing. And
welcome to Robin on to the management team, and to all of our new executives, congratulations on
their promotions. And we're ready for a great fiscal year '26. This is going to be the absolute year of
Agentforce.
Michael Spencer
Executive Vice President of Investor Relations
Thanks, Marc. Thanks, Kash. Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today, and we look forward to
seeing everyone over the coming weeks.
Operator
Once again, that does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation. You may now
disconnect.

--- Page 20 ---
SALESFORCE, INC. FQ4 2025 EARNINGS CALL | FEB 26, 2025
Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 20
Copyright © 2025 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.
These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.
S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

